Dorky Girl GETS REVENGE On Hot Guy, What Happens Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

It's getting late; I should probably leave. You say you love me I wish I believed.

Wow you never cease to amaze me. I'm honestly not even sure why we had you audition.

Thank you so much!

I'm sorry ladies but we're gonna have to give the lead to Julie again.

Alright, next up, we have Chase.

Let's go Chase! Come on bro, you got this! You got this, man. That's my boy.

Looks like you've got some fans already. Whenever you're ready.

Stay right here. Please don't let go. You and I can fix this--we don't have to be alone.

I'm sorry thank you for taking the time to audition for us but unfortunately we're going to have to pass. Next.

I'm sorry man.

Yeah, you'll get it next time.

Thanks guys. I just really needed this role. My dad said that he's gonna make me play baseball again if I couldn't prove that I can act and sing.

Well at least you're good at baseball.

[Music]

Yeah that's not the point. Have you guys seen Madison? Guess she's still shopping.

Wait she chose to do that over this? That's messed up. Doesn't she know that this is important to you?

Hey Chase. Uh, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry you didn't get the part. I was really rooting for you.

Thanks. Pretty bummed about it to say the least.

Well, uh, if you ever need anything just let me know. I'd be happy to help.

Thanks, that's really sweet.

[Music]

Dude! Alright she's had a crush on you since like third grade bro.

Doesn't she realize it's never gonna happen?

Hey babe, what's up? Where have you been? I had to carry all my shopping bags from the car myself.

I had the audition for the musical today, remember? I've been talking about it for weeks!

Yeah so how'd it go? I didn't get it.

See, I told you you should just stick to playing baseball. So are you gonna come help me with my bags?

Yeah I'll be there right now.

Try to hurry--they're heavy.

[Music]

See you guys later.

[Music]

Man I can't believe Ronnie got the part.

I can. He's been taking voice lessons since he was like, four.

So?

Hey Ron. Congrats on getting the lead, that's awesome man.

Oh thanks, but I'm gonna turn it down.

What? Why would you turn a roll like that down?

Well I have a flight to New York this weekend because I got cast as an understudy on Broadway.

Wow that's incredible! Uh, so who's gonna take over your role then?

Ah I think the director's gonna let Julie decide. It's actually pretty cool that i'm gonna let her.

Anyways, chao.

Dude, you should totally tell Julie to choose you.

I bombed with that audition. I doubt she's gonna pick me.

That's not a bad idea, actually. She's totally in love with you man, gotta use that to your advantage.

Come on. Yo, there she is. Go talk to her. Hey, she said she was gonna help you, right? So just take her up on that offer, right? Come on act like you like her.

I don't know that's kind of messed up.

Who cares, bro? Just don't be playing baseball for the rest of your life. On yeah. Uh don't tell her about Maddie.

Hey Julie, how's it going?

Hey. I--I like your shirt.

Thanks. I love your, uh, shoes.

Oh, thanks. They look great on you. Um so know how you mentioned before that you'd help me out if I needed it?

And well you have the voice of an angel, so just kind of hoping that you could help me get better at singing like you.

That's so sweet, uh, I'd love to do that. Really. Absolutely.

Thanks. Um, I also heard that the lead is open. I was hoping that you could recommend me for the part?

Oh.

I just figured with you and I spending so much one-on-one time together with you coaching me that I'd be ready to step into a role like that.

You want to spend one-on-one time with me?

Yeah. I always thought that we should hang out more. What do you say?

Um, I say yes.

Perfect! Can I get your phone?

Uh yeah.

Text me.

We don't have to be alone.

Stop, stop.

I'm sorry let me just run it again.

Let's just move on to some dialogue.

Hey, it's okay. Just relax. You got this.

Let's take it from your line, Julie: I want to believe you.

Okay. I want to believe you, but I can't.

Stop please just let me explain.

You lied to me. Didn't anyone tell you? The truth doesn't cost you anything, but a lie could cost you everything.

You want the truth? Here's the truth.

Okay, um, Julie can we chat?

Sure.

Are you sure about your decision? He was the worst out of all the guys who auditioned.

He just has to warm up. He has a lot of potential.

Do you really believe that? I mean this is your reputation on the line, too. It is not gonna look good if this play bombs.

I'll talk to him.

Sorry I'm late. The coffee line was really long.

Everything okay?

Um, the director doesn't really like how you've been performing.

Oh.

Maybe this isn't the best role for you right now, but that doesn't mean that you wouldn't be great in another role in a different show.

No, no, no, no, I don't want to lose this. Look I think I'm just nervou being around you because I've always liked you.

Wait, what? You've always liked me? I thought you had a girlfriend, Madison.

Madison, uh, no no no we're not serious at all. We actually just broke up a while ago.

Oh my god I'm so sorry I had no idea.

Honestly it's probably for the best cause now I can spend more time with you. If you could help me get over the nerves, maybe I would perform better. Maybe if we hang out more and get more comfortable.

Really? Um, uh sure, I would like that.

Perfect.

Julie can we chat?

I'll be right there. I'll put in a good word for you.

Thanks.

[Music]

So Becky got mad because I told her she looked fat in her dress because it would look better on me. I mean, it would you know.

Slow down.

Yeah.

Are you good?

Sorry I'm just really hungry.

We just had lunch.

You just had lunch. You know I have a peanut allergy but you still want to eat at that Thai place.

Well doesn't what I want matter?

It does, I just--

So after this i was thinking we'll go back to the plaza. I want to find cute swimsuits for summer.

Uh, actually, after this I have to go meet up with Julie.

Julie? Julie Pearson the pepperoni face? What are you doing hanging out with her?

You shouldn't call her that. That's not nice. Julie's the reason that I got cast in the part that I told you about, so I need to like her.

Like her? You like her?

No no, slow down, not actually like her. Just pretend to for the play. I mean have you seen her? There's no way that I would actually be into her. I'm only into you.

I certainly hope so.

That's her. Uh, I gotta get going.

You better make it up to me.

I will. Maybe we can go to the movies this weekend.

No. I mean today. I'll send you a Venmo request. If you aren't going shopping with me, the least you can do is pay for my bathing suits.

Okay, just don't go overboard.

No promises.

Ahem.

Oh right, um, how much is it?

Give me 40.

What? I always get the extra foot massage.

It's funny running into you again so soon.

Funny, or fate?

Why not both?

I've actually been thinking a lot about you lately.

I...okay. I'm sorry I know that I'm not doing great.

You're just pretty tense. Why don't we do a shakeout?

A shakeout?

Yeah. It's an exercise to help you relax before you perform. Follow my lead.

One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.

One, two.
One, two.
One, two.
One, two.

One.
One.
One.
One.

Feeling better?

Yeah I--I do. Uh, that helped a lot. You're pretty great, you know that?

Alright, um, let's get back to it.

[Music]

Sorry.

Oh are you hungry? I can make you something.

It's all right I'll survive.

No, tell me what you want. Uh, you're allergic to peanuts, right?

Wow, how did you know that?

I mean, we have been going to the same school together for a while.

It's funny, um, I've known Madison twice as long and she doesn't remember half the time. Sometimes I think that she never really cared about what I wanted. Neither does my dad. If i didn't get this role, he'd be making me play baseball, which is his dream, not mine.

I'm sorry. You should definitely keep going with acting if that's what you love. How about this: what's your favorite restaurant and we'll go there?

I'm a simple guy. Darla's Diner is fine. I love their everything burgers. No way!

It's genius! Burgers on an everything bagel! I could eat that every day.

Me too. Come on, I'll drive.

[Music]

Here we go! One, two, three.

[Music]

[Music]

[Music]

[Music]

[Applause]

[Music]

[Music]

Dude, you scared me! What are you guys doing here?

Just came to wish you luck!

I can't believe you pulled it off. I'm--I'm shocked Julie thinks that you like her.

Yeah, has she not seen herself? I mean, yeah.

Well curtin is soon so you guys should go grab your seats. Come on guys I just need a moment.

Okay okay. You got this. Hey, kill it out there.

Hey.

Julie! Oh my gosh you look...wow.

Thanks. You ready to do this thing?

I'm ready.

It's getting late. i should probably leave. You say you love me I wish I believed.

Stay right here. Don't let go. You and I can fix this. We don't have to be alone.

They say we can't.

What do they know?

Can you protect me through the fire?

Will you close through the storm?

We belong together. You are my home. There's nothing we couldn't do because baby, I love you.

[Applause]

Let's go.

You were incredible!

Are you kidding? The audience loved you!

[Music]

Well um, I should probably use the bathroom before intermission ends, but I'll be right back.

Okay.

Yo that was awesome, man. Yo, yo, how do you feel dude?

I'm feeling really great.

Oh my gosh, how did you learn how to sing like that?

Julie helped a lot actually. I couldn't have done it without her.

Hey I told you it was a good idea, didn't I?

Yeah, I mean yo, once the show's run is over, you could finally tell her about your girlfriend.

Let's talk about that later.

All I know is she's gonna be so heartbroken when she finds out you were using her to get that part.

I just--

What?

Julie.

Uh yeah we should--

We're gonna go back to our seats right now.

Yeah hey good luck on the rest of the show.

So you've just been using me?

No not at all. I mean in the beginning, but the craziest thing--

No. Save it Chase I don't need you to lie to me anymore.

Julie, please, I'm not lying to you, I swear.

Hey, babe!

Maddie! I--I didn't think you were coming.

I wasn't, but I didn't have anything else to do tonight so I figured, what the heck?

Now is not really a great time.

Wait, why is she crying?

Did she just find out you were pretending to like her?

Maddie stop!

Alight, let's get to places for the second act.

I want to believe you, but I can't.

Please just let me explain.

You lied to me! Didn't anyone ever tell you? The truth won't cost you anything but a lie could cost you everything.

Julie, I don't want to lie to you

Uh, the line is: you want the truth? Here's the truth.

I'm sorry, I can't do this anymore.

Chase, what are you doing?

Telling you the truth. What I should have done from the very beginning.

Stop you're gonna ruin the show!

I don't care. This is the only way that I have a chance with you, Julie. I'm crazy about you. I know that I lied to you. That I used you. I hurt you and there are not even words to begin to describe how sorry that I am. Yes in the beginning, this was all just a ploy to get the lead in the show. As I got to know you better, I started to fall for you, and I have fallen for you more and more every day since. Julie, you are the most talented, kindest, most beautiful girl that I've ever met. I've spent so much time thinking that what I wanted didn't matter, until I met you. If there is any part of you that can find it in your heart to forgive me, I promise that I'll make it up to you.

Girl, say yes!

[Music]

Julie, wait!

[Music]

Uh, everyone, stay in your seats. We're just gonna take a brief intermission.

What do you want?

I brought you something. Look, I know I can't expect you to forgive me, but I just wanted you to know that I broke up with Madison.

Good for you.

Please just give me another chance.

You lied to me!

I know, but we're still doing the show together.

Actually no we don't.

What?

I talked to the director and we've decided to go in a different direction for the rest of the run. After having to recast the first time, we decided to cast an understudy.

So that means that--

You're out. I'm sorry, Chase, but I can barely even look at you after what you did to me, let alone sing and dance with you on stage every weekend.

How could you do this?

Did you not learn anything from our show? Like my character says: the truth doesn't cost you anything but a lie could cost you everything.

Thanks for the food.

GOTH GIRL Picked On IN SCHOOL, What Happens Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

Is Ruby here yet?

Just a few more seconds.

Are you excited to meet your future stepsister?

Oh we both are! Now Harley has someone new to hang out with at school other than Claire and Brooke.

They're my friends, Mom.

Mm-hmm.

[Music]

Ruby! It's so good to see you! I've missed you so much.

I missed you too, Dad.

Hey.

Hey--

Um, her name is Harley and she was just leaving to go do homework.

No I wasn't!

Bedroom, now.

Let me take that for you. You're gonna be staying in Harley's room. Come on in.

Oh actually, your father and I need to take care of something first. It's um, it's the kitchen. It's a mess. So why don't you just wait here?

[Music]

She doesn't care if the dishes are dirty, do you?

Mmm-mm.

Just wait on the couch for a second. Come on in! So great to finally have you here.

We'll be right back. Just stay here, please.

[Music]

Something wrong?

Everything's wrong, Hank! Do I have to spell it out for you? Did you see how she was dressed?

That's just the way some kids dress these days. There's nothing to worry about.

It's disgusting. It's how druggies dress. And why did you allow her to get all those piercings?

Well in case you forgot, I haven't seen her for a little while. She didn't have those before

Tattoos?

I know, I'm not particularly happy with those but she's 18 now she can make her own decisions.

Do you really think that my sweet Harley should be hanging out with someone like that? What if Harley turns out to be like your daughter?

There is nothing wrong with Ruby. She may look a little different, but that doesn't make her a bad person. I should know; I raised her most of her life.

People change, and sometimes for the worse.

Ruby has been going through some hard times with her mom lately. That might be why she has this new look. Either way, we promised that she could live with us until at least after she graduated.

That was before I knew what she was like.

Okay do me a favor: don't judge a book by its cover.

That's cute.

I know, right? I actually love this one. It's like my favorite.

Harley I told you to do your homework.

I'll do it later. I want to hang out with Ruby.

No. You know how bad your grades have been. You need to do it right now.

Sorry um, I'm gonna go outside real quick to take this.

Funny she couldn't take the call in here. I wonder what she's hiding. Harley, what did Ruby talk to you about?

I was just asking her if she played Roblox. Can we play before dinner?

Absolutely not! Homework first always.

[Music]

Harley, I know that Ruby may seem nice, but there is a lot to her that you don't know or understand. She may be doing very bad--

[Music]

You okay?

I don't really know how to put this, but I can't go back home to Mom anymore.

Why? What happened?

I don't really want to talk about it, but I have no idea where I'm gonna go when summer starts.

[Music]

Hey, it's okay. You're just gonna stay here for as long as you need, alright?

Thanks, Dad. Thank you too, Lisa.

Okay well let me just show you where you're gonna be staying.

Oh I wanna come, too!

I got a D again. My mom's going to kill me.

How? Algebra's so easy. I got an A on that test.

I just don't understand it. Maybe you can help me after school?

Can't. Claire and I going to the mall to shop for homecoming dresses.

[Music]

Wait, have you asked Jonah to go with you yet?

No, I'm too nervous to do that.

Ew! Who is the new girl?

What is she wearing? She looks like she walked right out of a mosh pit.

Yeah, or the kind of girl just smokes cigarettes behind a dumpster.

She looks like she smells.

Hey um, don't be mean.

What don't tell us you think she's cool?

I didn't say that.

Hey Harley.

Oh my god, do you know her?

Uh no, we, we bumped into each other in the parking lot.

Shouldn't talk to weirdos like her.

Hi, honey. How was school today?

It was alright.

Oh wait, what about Ruby?

What about her?

Aren't you taking her home too?

No, she can find her own way.

But she's--

Listen to me: Ruby is not a good influence on you. I want you staying away from her, got me?

How am I supposed to do that when she's living with us?

Yeah, not for long. Hank and I need to have a talk about that.

Hey!

[Music]

Ruby where have you been? You didn't answer your phone.

Yeah sorry.

Oh, we waited for so long but we ended up leaving.

Ruby?

Just leave her. Did you see how red her eyes were? She's probably on something.

It looked to me like she had been crying.

Emotionally unstable. Just another bad sign. It's probably why her mom kicker her out.

Ruby did not get kicked out.

Then why else can she not go back home, Hank?

I don't know, but I'm sure as soon as she's ready, she will tell me. And in the meantime I'm not gonna assume anything.

Well I want her sleeping on the couch, not in Harley's room, until we find a more permanent solution. Which by the way we need to speak about and soon.

I'm gonna go see what's going on.

Eat your food. Eat it!

We were worried.

I don't think Lisa would have left me to walk home if she was so worried.

She said that she waited for a very long time.

I saw her drive off. She hates me Dad!

Please stop, this is just an adjustment period for all of us, okay? It's not gonna last forever, especially once Lisa gets to know the real you. That sweet girl underneath all of the tattoos and piercings.

Packing up already? I think that makes sense. Your father can take you wherever you need to go.

Just an adjustment period?

I'll talk to her. Just please don't leave. Where would you even go?

I don't know, Dad, but I'd rather be homeless than stay here another night.

Just give it a couple of days, okay? If nothing improves then--then you can leave. I won't even try to stop you, okay?

Ugh, you guys won't believe this: the creep is now in my PE class.

The goth girl? Ew.

Has she tried talking to you again, Harley?

Harley?

Huh?

Why don't you just ask him already?

Brooke's right. And there's not much time left.

I'm scared he's gonna say no.

Well there's only one way to find out!

Claire, no! Where are you--

Just let her do this. It's for your own good.

[Music]

What the heck, Harley?

Oh my god, Isabel I'm so sorry!

You got spaghetti all over me.

It was an accident. I really didn't mean to.

Meet me after school. You're gonna pay for this!

Stop worrying. She's not even gonna do anything.

Yeah she's just all talk.

There she is.

[Music]

Come on, let's go.

Harley, stop.

I think we lost her.

[Music]

Isabelle please!

Thought you could run away from me, eh? That's strike two.

Hold on, think about it: even if you do want to fight me it's three against one. You'll be outnumbered.

Sorry Harley, you're on your own. Let's go.

Guess your friends aren't gonna save you now. This is what happens when you--hey!

Why don't you pick on someone your own size? Yeah that's what I thought.

Are you okay?

Yeah. Wow, thanks so much for helping me.

You're welcome.

Where have you been? I waited in the parking lot for over an hour for you.

Sorry. I just walked home with Ruby.

Why walk, Ruby? What are you trying to hide, hmm?

Nothing. It was Harley's idea.

Right, as if you didn't try to convince her. You know Ruby, I knew you would be a terrible influence on her. It was bad enough you were hanging out with Claire and Brooke. You're even worse.

No she's not.

You stay out of this, Harley. Clearly she's brainwashed you. Coming home playing games instead of doing your homework, which you should be doing. It's no wonder you're failing algebra. And Ruby, what's next, huh? You're going to teach her how to do drugs?

You have it all wrong.

Yeah right. Why else would you look like that? It's probably why your own mother kicked you out.

No, Ruby.

Yeah that's right. Pack your suitcase. I hope you really leave this time.

Sure, I'll go, but for your information my mom didn't ask me to leave. She's the one that left.

What are you talking about, Ruby?

A couple years ago, my mom slipped at work. She ended up getting hurt, so a doctor prescribed her some painkillers. After a while, the pain went away, but she never stopped taking the drugs and our lives completely changed. She lost a lot of weight. She quit her job. She wouldn't even leave the house for weeks. Those pills ruined our life and I never told my dad because I didn't want him to worry.

Where did she go?

Rehab. I'm glad she's finally getting help, but we lost our apartment.

[Music]

That's why I came to stay here. If I knew it was going to cause so many problems, I never would have come.

I know I get judged a lot because of how I look, but the one thing I will not tolerate is being accused of doing drugs because I've seen firsthand what it can do to someone, so I would never.

I'm sorry about your mother. I am. But my priority is with Harley. Her grades are already slipping and I come home--

Ruby already helped me finish my homework. That's the first thing we did when we got home.

Turns out, Ruby's in advanced calculus. She's a math whiz. she promised to tutor me, to help me get better.

I know I may not look the part, but I actually got a 4.3 GPA last semester.

Wow.

And unlike what you said earlier, Ruby's a way better friend than Claire and Brooke. I almost got in a fight today at school and both of them ditched me.

What do you mean you almost got into a fight?

It wasn't my choice, but if it wasn't for Ruby, I probably would have gotten my butt kicked.

You won't have to worry about isabel while I'm around.

Yes? What's wrong?

I just realized I should never judge a book by its cover.

Ugh.

Uno!

Hi Jonah. Harley will be out in a few minutes.

For once I am glad that you are making somebody wait outside. I can't believe she already has a date. She's too young. How did this happen?

Um, I may or may not have had something to do with that. But I mean, for what it's worth, he seems nice.

So you are influencing Harley.

Maybe that's not such a bad thing. I've never seen Harley get an A on an algebra test before. Oh honey, you look incredible!

Thanks!

Is that a nose piercing? Harley!

Oh yeah um, Ruby took me to get it. I hope that's okay.

Ruby I cannot believe you. Now you've crossed the line!

I'm just kidding guys! It's magnetic, see?

[Laughter]

Did you make Jonah wait outside?

Yeah. What's thh rush? Maybe you don't even have to go at all.

Oh come on.

Have a good time.

You're great.

Thank you.

Bye guys.

Back to me winning.



that bike is so cute i know right my

daddy bought it for me i love being rich

he's coming the coolest kid in school is

coming

[Music]

sup

wow eddie your go-kart is so awesome

yeah you're the man eddie can i be your

best friend

no i want to be his best friend chill

there's enough betty to go around you're

all my best friends

except for you paula

no one likes you

check out how fast my go-kart can go

[Music]

earth to eddie

[Music]

oh

dude what's going on

sorry

just thinking about how i'm gonna show

up school with this

yeah right you will never be able to

sell enough chocolate to win that

bread

buddy

pal

i've already sold 30.

did you say 30

bro i've barely sold ten i only sold

seven

how the heck did you pull that off it

was easy

i just begged my rich uncle till he

bought him

it worked

did you say you sold 30

that's cute for most people

bet it's much more than what you sold

yeah you're just jealous

jealous

mrs matthews i have something to tell

you

i sold my first box already

60 candy bars look at you

you're the first one in all my classes

to do that that's amazing thanks my

daddy helped he sold them to all his

employees at his office

nice strategy paula this for sure puts

you in the lead

take this up to the principal's office

after class

and you can get another box

oh actually can i get three more my dad

said they're a big hit and he thinks he

can sell a lot more wow

at this rate

you're gonna be the top seller in the

whole school no doubt about it there you

go happy fundraising

nobody else has sold a full box yet

right

no problem there's still a few more days

left

now

let's continue with our science

experiment with magnets just give me a

minute to set up

hey what's the big idea are you trying

to take my go-kart away from me

don't be mad just because i sold more

than you and for your info i'm not doing

it for the prize i'm doing it because it

raises money for our school we need new

supplies and textures the innocent girl

act

okay fine i want the grand prize too but

you know what you're not the only one

who likes go karts just got a brand new

bike your parents have money they can

buy you whatever you want

should leave the go-kart for me please

let me think about it nah i could just

buy one but it's way more fun beating

you

i can't wait to paint it pink and show

it off

there's no way i can compete with

paula's dad's money

this could be something else i can do

oh yeah

i don't know i know that look

please do not tell me you're gonna cheat

again i mean i cannot believe you would

think that of me brett

yeah very disappointed

yeah brett

wait

what if all three of us combines our

chocolate together

actually that's not a bad idea

i like it

no way you guys know the rules c says

right here no combining sales with other

players

here's my philosophy about rules

they were meant to be broken

you win

yeah you can count me out you know one

thing you should know

is that if you cheat you will never get

ahead

who do you think you are with all these

life quotes star man

what about you oscar you in

you know i'm ready to die bro

let's do it

nice

i can't wait to steal the spotlight from

paula everyone's gonna be looking at me

instead of her

i mean us

come to bubba

how would you do that

i know all the secrets

no

you ready to sell some candy

yeah but are you sure we won't get in

trouble for selling to strangers

it's against the rules no don't think

about the strangers think of them as

future customers

excuse me sir

would you like to buy a candy bar

no thank you

i'm a diabetic police it's

for my school so they can buy books yeah

books pretty sure the school has enough

books plus everything's online nowadays

so

good luck

we don't uh

this is hard

maybe we should ask our parents to help

us

it seems to be working for paula

yeah well if my dad owned his own

marketing company it'd be pretty easy

for us too

well he doesn't

he's a dental

assistant what's he gonna do tell a

patient oh you have a cavity you want a

candy bar

yeah

true

but my uncle has an ice cream truck

maybe that could help no we're here now

we just got to get more creative

we need a different approach

oh man

would you like to buy some chocolate

for

my grandpa's heart surgery

it's three dollars a piece and

if we don't sell them all

he might not make it

oh your poor grandfather

you are so sweet to take it upon

yourself to save his life i know i am

pretty sweet

and very selfless

you sweet thing

i'll take six

actually

i'll take 10.

since it's for a good cost

thank you very much

i'll tell my grandfather about your

kindness

nice dude that's how you do it

okay your turn okay

excuse me sir we stand candy to raise

money for my grandfather's surgery

if we don't sell these chocolate bars

then he's she's not gonna make it

oh my gosh i'm sorry to hear that that's

strange

those are the same candy bars that

little boy in there is selling with his

mom

he said he was doing it to raise funds

for his school

killing me

wait a minute

are you using a fake grandpa story to

sell

candy

of course not

my grandpa's not fake

he's real

he's uh

having

um

gastric

bypass surgeries

on his hip

yes

so can you buy the chocolate okay

well

maybe security would like to buy one why

don't we get him over here to see what

he thinks about your grandpa's stomach

surgery on his hip that's a great idea i

think i'll join you

okay

[Music]

thanks again for letting us use your ice

cream truck unclear

no problem i couldn't use it today

anyway

freezer's busted so until i get it fixed

you kids can play a little ice cream man

all you want

i feel good about this

that go-kart is as good as ours oh that

reminds me

these just came in the mail

it's demise racing gloves my initials

stitched on

it's pretty cool huh

wow that's awesome did you get up here

for me

since we're

sharing it

yeah uh

i'll order you up here later

cool

so how long do you think it will take to

sell out all our chocolate

i bet it's gonna happen fast people love

ice cream trucks

all we gotta do is wait

just gotta wait

[Music]

okay this spot sucks

there's no one here we need to move to a

better spot with more people

i wonder if we could just

bingo

what are you doing

you can't drive

sure i can i do it all the time in

rocket league

that's not the same

i guess we're about to find out

dude

stop the truck man i wouldn't buy you

how to though this isn't what

okay

found the brakes

that's good

come on you didn't die

did you die

look

we have customers

hi there uh do you guys have the

spongebob ice cream bars or fudge pops

no we're just selling chocolate bars

today yeah sorry about that no ice cream

no

then why are you even in an ice cream

truck

[Music]

i see now how this could be misleading

uh i can assure you one thing

chocolate's amazing probably the best

chocolate you'll ever taste in your life

and here's the kicker it's for a good

cause yeah it's for a really good cause

yeah

well if it's for a good cause

i guess that's fine

i'll take some home for my friends i'll

have four and i'll take six

count me in for three nice yes i knew

this would work there's more people

coming are we even gonna have more

chocolate yes

i'm gonna tell you about one thing

i convinced school to give us 10 more

boxes

oh oh nice wow

why would you put them in the freezer my

uncle that's what i said it's fine it's

fine it's fine okay off here here

is this the chocolate

yes

but it's

it's rare multi-use chocolate

yeah it's more you can use it

yeah chocolate syrup yeah you know you

can lick it you could freeze it after

seven days yeah you can use it as

chocolate milk it's chocolate syrup yeah

um

that's all right i'm i'm good thanks oh

come on is this good chocolate

what are we gonna do now

i think we have a bigger problem

what

how are we gonna get home

you're the man with the plan come on

man i still can't believe that happened

yesterday

i have no idea what we're gonna do about

the money

now you're using me

everything was all your idea oh i should

have listened to bread so hey guys how's

it going

all right great

why

trying to join the dark side

oh my gosh

we still might have room for you

i'm good actually when i went to my

grandma's retirement home the other day

and i actually sold a ton of boxes

nice piece of junk eddie

too bad you can't replace it because my

dad just helped me sell 10 boxes

can't stand her

not gonna lie she is pretty annoying

yeah

i wish i had her movie

sorry can i wish

way

that's it

that's it why didn't i think of the

center do this again every time

what are you talking about

maybe we don't actually have to sell the

candy bars okay we just need the money

to pay for them

great robbery don't you ever learn your

lesson no

it's going to be a close competition

all the kids have been working so hard

i'm so proud of them

well i'm really curious who's going to

win

[Music]

oh

what in the world

principle i can explain

is this what i think it is

i can explain the principle i think

[Music]

just

uh you sold all those ten boxes of candy

bars i can't believe it eddie that's

incredible

[Music]

yes

mm-hmm

yeah that's what happened well i'd be

shocked if you didn't win the grand

prize after this we're now seeing the

winner tomorrow

so in third place with eight boxes sold

we have

josie come on up josie

nice job

okay the moment everyone's been waiting

for

who's gonna win the go-kart

got this

in second place we have

eddie which means paula wins the grand

prize

what no no no no no no

i definitely sold more candy than her

yeah

uh unfortunately you sold 11 boxes and

she sold 12.

does she even have the money to pay for

it

i believe so we did collect the payment

right

actually

no

uh

for some reason i can't find my envelope

with the money but i know i know i had

it earlier if she doesn't have the money

she shouldn't win

yeah

unfortunately paula eddy's right

it doesn't count if you haven't paid for

it

so eddie's the winner congrats eddie

nice job dude

this is the moment i've been waiting for

wait a minute

i didn't find the envelope but i did

find this

a glove with the initials eevee on it i

wonder whose initials those could be

couldn't be me right

it's probably someone else

like

arwen van dutch

or

elizabeth velasquez

edward v

yeah more like eddie valentino and this

glove even perfectly matches the one

you're wearing

what gloves

eddie you're in big trouble

i'll see you in my office

no

you don't understand how bad i need this

wait

then who wins the go-kart

wait wait

i'm sorry i'm late i was getting a check

i sold 15 boxes

wow

there's almost three thousand dollars

here amazing

so that means brett's the winner

[Music]

[Applause]

yo let me drive the go-kart right

i try to warn you if you cheat you'll

never get ahead

now let's go

no

go

bye erin

he's coming hide every time he walks by

it'd be easier if i saw him out

somewhere like felicia's party ew no one

wears michael kors which girls like her

don't hang out with bro

anyone wearing a michael kors definitely

isn't coming to mind can you please stop

KID STEALS Tickets At FUN CENTER, He Lives To Regret It | Dhar Mann

Last night I had the strangest dream.

It's so cool that Samantha's mom rented out this whole place for her birthday!

Yeah.

Bro, I'm gonna get so many tickets. Way more than you guys.

I don't really care about the tickets. Did you see the prizes here? They all look lame.

You're right. Why can't they give out, like, PS5s and tablets?

Oh no.

That was amazing! Let's hear it for Addison and the birthday girl.

[Applause]

Thank you all again so much for coming. Now who's ready to play some games? ]

Yeah.

I sure am tired of listening to people's sing.

No kidding.

You, know I was actually thinking about going up there and dropping some of my bars.

No, you're gonna make everyone leave.

Before we begin, I have a surprise announcement.

Okay, I'm interested.

Whoever wins the most tickets today wins an extra special grand prize.

Oh, okay, okay.

Two passes to this year's Video Game Con!

[Applause]

That's the convention where you get to play all the new games before they release.

I gotta get those passes.

Like you'd ever beat me.

Pardon?

Okay, I have some loaded game cards. You can play as much as you want. You have one hour. Good luck!

Let's go talk to Samantha.

Hey Sam, thanks for inviting us to your party.

Sure. If i'm being honest, my mom invited you because she's friends with your mom.

Oh.

I guess you're lucky our moms are friends then. Either way we're stoked to be here, but don't be too upset when I win those passes.

Psych.

When I win those passes.

Yeah, you've got to be kidding me! When I win those passes.

Some competition, huh? Hmm. I like that.

Do you?

Hey, may the best gamer win, right? Excuse me. Good luck.

Geez.

You two are gonna pay for this.

What did I do? That's your fault. You're trash.

Oh hi, boys, I have some cards for you. Remember: play fair, no cheating.

Yeah of course.

I'm offended you think any of us would even try to cheat.

Mikey, you don't think I've heard about you?

Wow.

My reputation precedes me.

May I? Thank you.

Definitely wanna keep a close eye on Mikey. He cannot be trusted.

I am right here.

And I do not care.

Mhmm Jay, don't you think I heard stories about you too

Me? I couldn't even harm a fly.

Bro, this is all girls. Guys this is gonna be a piece of cake.

Yeah I think we're gonna have a bit more competition than you said we would.

She's good.

Yeah.

Then what are we doing standing around here for? Time's ticking, come on let's go.

No one here stands a chance.

I don't know, look how many tickets Sam has.

Wait, what the heck? How does she have so many?

I mean she comes here a lot. I doubt you'll be able to beat her.

This is gonna be tougher than I thought.

Gotta win that grand prize. She has more than us both combined.

[Music]

[Applause]

That's it! Why didn't i think of this sooner? If you and I combine our tickets, we could share the prizes.

No way that'd be cheating.

Please. This isn't school; this is a fun center. There are no rules

Of course there are, alright? You should know this by now if you cheat, you'll never get ahead.

I'm sorry I forgot you're a goody two shoes. I'll just go ask--

Sam's kicking our butts.

Yeah, yeah, Jay. My favorite person! How's it going buddy?

What do you want, Mikey?

He wants to cheat to win the grand prize.

What?

Hear me out: the prize is two passes. There's no way sam could beat the both of us.

[Music]

Ah, you have a good point. So what are you saying?

Let's combine our tickets. She can't beat us.

Yeah, you're an evil genius bro.

You guys are going to regret this just like you always do.

Hey Landon, since you're not a part of this, why don't you get lost and go play with the girls?

Whatever. Adios, senor. Bye-bye.

So what's the plan? Should we split up or what?

Actually, now that we're working together, I have an even better idea. Watch this. Come on.

Mikey! You're on top of the sharkball game?

No! I mean, yeah. I mean nope.

I just saw you up there. Are you trying to cheat?

Me? No I would never. I was just, uh--

My ball had gotten stuck up there so Mikey was just getting it down for me.

Mm-hmm.

Really? So you got that many points without cheating?

Uh-huh. You see, Jay's a sharkball master. I mean this kid, he competes in championships all the time. To be honest, I think he's gonna go to the Olympics.

If you say so. I'm keeping my eyes on you two.

[Music]

Man, that was close!

Nah, I had it under control the entire time.

Yes!

Hey Sam, uh, you wanna go play air hockey?

Yeah sure. That sounds fun.

This was a hard one.

Right? My mind was like.

[Music]

Wait, Sam, you forgot your tickets.

Thanks, Landon, that's very nice of you. I'm surprised you didn't just keep them.

Well of course! I'm not a cheater. I play fair.

You want to play air hockey with us?

Sure, yeah.

Come on let's go. I love air hockey.

Okay let's see here.

Bro, this game is so easy we don't even have to cheat.

Watch, watch, ready, ready? Watch how the pro does it. Up, up, up. Okay so, I'm--I'm a little rusty. Let me try again. Okay. Get it together Mikey. I'm gonna get the 200 tickets instead. The 500 is kind of hard. Okay, maybe we do have to cheat.

[Music]

Let's see. Nope, it's not gonna open.

Wait, I know! Maybe if we punch it hard enough all the tickets will drop at once.

Yeah, yeah, good idea.

Evil genius bro. I know it. Alrighty? Good boy.

[Music]

Oh okay, maybe let's try it one more time.

This time we need a running head start and hit it at the same time.

Fine I'll have to get another cast.

Oh I might actually need a brush this time.

Okay.

On the count of three. One, two, three!

Hello, boys. You having a good time?

Yeah we're having a blast.

Best day ever.

I'm glad to hear it but you need to remember to follow the rules, okay?

Tilting the machines? We would never.

Okay well, I-I know you guys are excited but no running, okay? We need to walk to the machines.

I am super sorry. It will not happen again.

Bye.

Oh my god.

This ain't working. We're gonna have to find another game to play. Come on.

Bro.

[Music]

This must be how she was getting so many points.

Ah she ain't got nothing on me. I'm gonna show her how it's done.

Bro, even if you're better than her, there's no way we'll ever catch up.

Oh my god. Point after point after point.

Um, I think what we need to be doing is...sabotage her! What if we unplug the game?

Yeah!

You know, I do not give you enough credit. Sometimes I even think you're smarter than me.

Sometimes? Nah buddy it's more like all the time.

Go distract her and i'll take care of the machine.

You're pretty good at this.

Oh, thanks, uh, I get the most tickets playing this so may as well stay here, right?

Yeah sure.

Hey, what happened?

Wow. Must be a malfunction.

Ugh alright, I'll go play something else.

Nice job, Mikey. Go ahead and turn it back on now so I can win us those passes.

Okay.

Mikey, what are you doing back here?

Uh, I was looking for a...this. You see, it rolled back here so I was just getting it. Jay doesn't know how to throw.

Okay wow I'm really glad you found that.

Uh why don't you use up the rest of the points on your card? Time's running out and your parents will be here soon. Gotta pick a winner.

Okay, thanks. Sheesh.

Skay that was a close one.

Well luckily you're working with a professional. I'm about to win. There's a bunch of tickets here.

okay yeah yeah yeah there

Please just give me some space. I can't throw with you standing so close to me.

Okay okay alright you got six feet okay?

You suck.

Here are my hard working tickets. How much stuff?

1052.

There we go! That's the highest number so far. Who can beat that?

Probably me. There you go. That's a lot, I know.

Man, I really hope we have enough to beat her. I mean, she shouldn't be able to win now, right?

We have like 300,000 tickets. We got this.

Okay how long does it take to count some tickets?

3474.

Oh my goodness honey, that's great! That's the number to beat.

Oh my she's definitely going to win even after everything we did.

I can't believe you guys are about to lose even after you cheated.

Gotta think of something.

Oh my god.

Got it.

No, not again!

Get out of here. You're not a part of this.

Wow, I love it! Yes, sir!

Okay count off ten seconds.

This can't be good.

Six, five, four, three, two, one.

Jay! Are you okay?

Are you hurt man? Like how did you even fall? You ok, man? Did you break anything? Like do I need to call an ambulance or something?

No I'm okay but thanks.

Are you sure, Jay? You seemed really hurt.

I was but I'm like wolverine I heal fast.

What does this get me?

Um, how about this rubber ball of joy?

I'll take it.

Hey loser loser loser! While you're playing with your little rubber ball of joy, we'll be at Video Game Con.

Yes sir.

You two have to go separately.

Well then these are all my tickets.

Well Jay, where's your tickets?

Uh, uh, I, uh, wasn't really playing any games. competitions give me anxiety.

Really?

Yeah.

I didn't know that. Okay I-I guess I didn't know Mikey had that many tickets.

And he throws and Lebron James makes it. Take your time. I know I'm gonna win so.

3468.

So, did we?

That puts you in second place. You lost by six tickets, man.

What? You gotta be kidding me.

So close, boys. Honey congratulations! I think you won.

Why are you shocked, Mikey?

Oh I'm not shocked.

What do I smell? I think I smell victory.

Okay, alright.

Don't worry, man. You still can get a prize. How about this pencil?

For real? Bro, all these tickets for a measly pencil? I'd rather just

Hey, someone left their tickets in the football game.

Oh thank you.

Uh, those are mine. I was the last one to play the football game.

Yeah.

Yeah I do remember you over there. There you go.

Seven more ticket that'll lead me to uh--

3475 that puts you in first place, bro.

Yes I won!

Wow.

I won!

That's not fair. Mom, tell them that's not fair.

So Mikey won after all?

Okay hey what's with all the commotion?

I just won two free passes to a Video Game Con!

Guess who I choose to go with me? Jay!

[Music]

[Applause]

I hate to burst your bubble, but if you actually read the passes you'll see that if you're under 14, you have to be accompanied by an adult.

What?

What?

Yeah so you have to go with your mom or your dad.

No way! He can give the passes to me and I can go with my mom.

Let's talk about this in another room like adults. Mom. Jay's mom. Person.

You're about to spoil all the hard work we did?

So how are we going to decide this?

Decide what? These are my passes.

Are you kidding? What ever happend to half those tickets are mine.

Uh excuse me, I'm the one that came up with the whole thing. So they're mine.

But I tripped over a football for this.

If someone caught me taking those tickets, I would be in a lot of trouble.

I almost sprained my hip bumping into that machine.

Well I was crawling on the dirty floor.

Give me those. They're mine.

They're mine.

They're mine.

I can't believe you two boys cheated!

We can't believe it. Classic Mikey and Jay.

Any time there's an opportunity to cheat, you boys are gonna take it, aren't you?

Wait so Sam's actually the real winner?

Yeah yeah that's absolutely correct. Congratulations honey!

Thanks, Mom. I'm really excited to go with you.

Oh well you know but you're 14. You don't have to take me. You can take a friend.

That's right.

Pick me!

Are you kidding? Even if she gave you the tickets, you're not going. You're grounded, Jay.

Same goes for you, Mikey.

Well, what about you Landon?

Wait seriously?

You want to go with me?

Oh my gosh yes I'd love to! I'm such a big fan of phase rug. That'd be awesome.

Well great! Anybody want some cake?

It's red velvet.

Count me in.

So you see, if you cheat you'll never get ahead.

Jay, we're going home so we can talk about what you did here.

Wait before we go can I please have some cake? I mean, it's my favorite.

Absolutely...not. Come on let's go.

Mama chill.

Now.

Oh don't be laughing because you're going home, too. You are getting your PS5 taken away.

But I just got that back.

For good.

I'm really gonna miss that kid

[Laughter]

MEAN GIRLS Shame Teen FOR ANIME ft. @SSSniperWolf | Dhar Mann

What'd you get for number 23?

I'm not there yet.

Heather, Reina, can you stop talking until everyone's finished?

[Music]

I need to step out for a minute. Finish your worksheets and I'll be right back.

What'd you get for number 23?

Heather!

What's--what is this? Wait a second; is this Chase?

That's private!

Let me see.

Oh my gosh, it's totally him!

He even has the same jacket.

Give it back.

Hey, Chase, looks like you've got yourself a little stalker.

Wait, is this me as a anime character?

Yeah, Mia's totally in love with you.

No I'm not. I--I was just practicing drawing characters for my series.

Your what now?

It's for an anime contest. First place gets a thousand-dollar prize.

Are you serious? Ugh, just when I thought you couldn't get any weirder.

Anime isn't weird. Even a bunch of celebs are into it. Ariana Grande, Kanye West, Sniper Wolf.

And what, you think they're ever gonna care about your dumb little drawings?

Oh sorry about that. Hopefully everyone had a chance to finish. Pass them up to the front, please. Oh, and a quick reminder that Friday is career day, so you will want to dress up as whatever you want to be: lawyers
doctors, astronauts, whatever your dream job is, and then you'll give a brief presentation to the rest of the class.

I bet Mia's dressing up as Pikachu.

I'm sorry is something funny back there?

Yeah excuse me miss krenn what if you don't plan on working?

Well you have to choose something anything you could be a philanthropist or a stay-at-home mom.

Like i would ever do that to myself. Never mind, I'll figure something out.

[Music]

Is Mia legit still drawing her anime?

I've got an idea. Get your phone out.

Why? What are you gonna do?

I'm stopping the freak from drawing her anime for good. Record me but start it in like one minute.

[Music]

Hey loser, thanks for the sandwich.

Hey that's my lunch!

Ugh, you can keep it. How old is that meat?

I don't know. My mom got it from Walmart.

Ew, you get your groceries at Walmart? Gross. What are you wasting your time on now?

If you don't have anything nice to say, can you please leave me alone? I need to finish this for the contest.

You really don't think this is gonna make you any money, do you?

I mean, it might someday.

You really do live in your fantasy world. You know, if I were you, I'd start practicing taking coffee orders now since that's all you're gonna end up doing if you stay on this track. Let me see that!

Stop taking my stuff!

Dumb. Dumb. Even dumber.

Give it to me!

Why do you keep picking on her?

Yeah just give her her book back, Heather.

Stay out of this!

Hold up: is this me?

My series needed a villain.

Oh, if that's how it's gonna be, then I might as well embrace the part.

[Music]

I needed these for the contest.

Serves you right for drawing people without their permission. And besides, anime is a total waste of time. You know, one day they'll be thanking me for this. Let me see that.

I'm so sorry, Mia. You didn't deserve that.

Yeah, don't let her get to you.

[Music]

I needed these for the contest.

What is that?

Hey, Mia, thanks for the views.

What are you talking about?

Guessing you haven't seen my Tiktok.

No.

[Applause]

Sweetheart how was--hey, what's going on? Are you gonna tell me what's going on?

Nothing. Can we just drive?

Why don't you tell me what's wrong?

Something happened at school. It's not that big of a deal.

Is someone picking on you? Is it the Heather girl? I swear.

I don't want to talk about it. Can we just go home?

We're supposed to go to the thrift shop to get your career day outfit, remember?

Yeah, well, I don't even know if I want to go to school that day anymore.

What do you mean? You've been so excited. You're going gonna dress up as tender uh Tanjir-Tanjiro, Demon Slayer, all month! I've got you this make a palette; you want it? You can match it with the wig.

Mommy you don't need to be wasting your money on me like that.

It's not a waste. You're so talented! What kind of mom would I be if I didn't support you?

Thanks, but if I go, then I'm not gonna wear an anime costume.

Okay, so, what do you want to go as?

I don't know. Something normal so no one makes fun of me.

Sweetheart, being different is what makes you special. You can't try to fit in with everyone else

Yeah, well, that hasn't worked out so well.

[Music]

You can't let people that don't understand you keep you from following your dreams.

Well that's easy to say when your dreams aren't sitting at the bottom of a garbage can.

What does that even mean?

Do you remember the sketches that I was doing for the contest? Heather destroyed them at lunch.

I knew it was that Heather girl! You know, I'm gonna go talk to the school principal right now.

No, that'll just make things worse.

Fine, I won't say anything as long as you promise to go to career day and you dress us whatever you like. You can't let a mean girl tell you what you can and cannot do.

Alright, fine, can we just drop it and drive?

[Music]

Oh yeah, you got some really cute things. Are you going for more of like a Kyle Richards vibe?

You know, I was actually leaning more like Kardashian--ew. Look what the cat dragged in.

What do you want Heather?

Oh nothing. I just wanted to thank you. My Tiktok's at over 1 million views. I guess I can add influencer to the list of things I can become.

I've looked at the comments and people are on my side. If I were you, I'd delete that.

I gained 30,000 followers in a day. I think I'll be okay with a little bit of hate.

Were you just shopping at the thrift store?

And what is this?

It's part of my outfit for Friday.

What are you going as, a witch?

No. I'm going as a character for my favorite anime: Demon Slayer.

Even worse.

Still stuck in your fantasy world, I see. You know, maybe your life wouldn't suck so much if you weren't so weirdly obsessed with the anime.

My life is just fine.

You have no friends, no boyfriend, and you're poor. What's so great about that?

Not for long. When my series takes off and I become famous--

You--you, famous? As if. The only five seconds of fame you're ever gonna get is from my TikTok Oh and you know what? Tomorrow maybe I'll give you 10 more seconds by throwing you in the trash with the rest of your drawings. See you tomorrow.

Bye loser.

[Music]

What are you doing? We leave for school in 10 minutes.

I'm not going. I don't feel well.

Mom!

Mia, please don't let those girls get to you.

But what if they're right? I eat lunch alone every day. We live in a tiny studio apartment we can barely afford and I think that just drawing some fictional characters is going to magically change everything? Heather's mean, but she's not crazy.

Mia, I know it doesn't feel like it right now, but I promise you things are gonna work out.

I don't know anymore.

This is your favorite series, right? Does the hero in the story just get what they want right away?

No. Tanjiro has to fight demons to avenge his family's death and to turn his sister Neziko back to human.

Exactly. Think of heather as a demon.

[Music]

Not literally, but you know. My point is, every person that's trying to make something great of their lives has to overcome some kind of obstacle and the obstacles are what make for a great story.

Yeah, but I don't know if I'm ready to do it.

Why don't you go get that?

Okay. Oh my god! You're-you're sniper wolf

well technically, I'm Nezuko, but yeah. You must be Mia.

Oh yeah. I'm sorry, how do you know my name? Oh my god, I wish I didn't look like this right now!

You're totally fine. I saw a TikTok video about you and I felt super bad so I reached out to your mom.

You knew about this?

That's why I was trying to get you to go get ready!

I'm sorry for what you're going through. That Heather girl sounds like some of the girls that i went to school with that made fun of me.

You were made fun of? You've got, like, 30 million subscribers.

Now, but I wasn't very popular in high school. I was into anime and the other girls were into boys or shopping. But now some of those same girls want to be my friends. It's funny how life works.

So when people were mean to you it didn't make you want to change?

Not at all, because one thing I know is being different is what makes you cool. You don't have to fit in with everybody else.

That's what my mom tells me. We were talking about that before you came.

Your mom sent me some of your drawings and they're really good. Like getting published or produced one day sort of good.

Wait, you mean it? You're not just saying that to make me feel better?

Nope. It's so good that if you want, I could help get your series off the ground. I've got a few contacts, but for now I think you better go change or we're gonna be late.

Wait, you're going to school with me?

Yep. Tanjiro and Neziko got to stick together, right?

Yes!

[Music]

So in conclusion, I want to be a real housewife, preferably the Beverly Hills cast, but I'm willing to accept New York or the OC, too. Thank you.

What an interesting goal, Heather. Well, we certainly have some colorful ideas between that and Derek's dream job of creating a pyramid scheme.

Okay who's next? Uh, Mia you want to come up?

This is going to be gold.

So, uh, I decided to dress up as my favorite anime character to Tanjiro from Demon Slayer because I hope to create my own anime series.

That's code for gonna be broke.

Heather.

[Music]

Uh sorry, Mia, keep going. Uh, what steps can someone take to become an anime creator?

So actually first step be born a total loser.

Okay that is it. One more comment and you are getting sent to the principal's office. Sorry, go ahead.

So to become a creator, normally you need a foot in the door, but actually Heather helped me with that.

What are you talking about? No I didn't.

Because of your video, I was able to meet--

Hello friends!

Gosh.

Hello, what brings you here?

I'm here as Mia's friend, but I'm also collabing with her on a special project.

A special project?

Yeah, I've been working on my own anime series, but I haven't found the right person to collab with until I found Mia, so we're gonna produce a show together and I'll promote it on my channel.

Man, you're making a show with Sniper Wolf?

That's so cool! You're gonna be famous.

What are you guys talking about? Anime is for total losers.

I think my subscribers would disagree, but thanks for making that TikTok because that's how I found Mia.

Principal Matthews, is everything okay?

I need to speak with Heather.

With me? Why?

About a certain TikTok you made that came to my attention. Come with me.

Chase?

[Applause]

Hi.

Sorry I missed the bus this morning, but is it true? You brought Sniper Wolf to class today?

Yeah, but wait, are you--

Zero tomorrow.

You're into anime?

Ever since middle school, but my friends gave me a hard time for it so I ended up getting into sports.

I never would have guessed.

Well, when I saw that drawing you made of me--

Oh don't remind me. That was so embarrassing!

No, not at all! Because of you I've actually been binging Bleach all week.

Really?

Yeah of course. And if you're down, maybe we can get together and watch it sometime if that's something you're into.

Yeah, that sounds good.

Cool.

[Music]

Alright, I'll talk to you later, bye-bye.

Hi, how can I help you?

Hi I'm another 11 o'clock interview with Jack Feldstein. My name's Heather Langston.

Follow me. Wait here. I'll go get him.

It's coming together guys. Yeah posters one and two...but I still favorite three.

Alright we'll try to get back to you in a week.

Okay, see you then.

Mia? Mia Tanaka?

Heather? What are you doing here?

Uh, lowkey, I'm interviewing for an admin assistant role here. Super lame, I know.

Wait, you're interviewing? I thought you had a trust fund.

Oh, I, uh, sort of spent most of it so my dad told me I have to go out and get a real job. But it looks like we both might be assistants here.

So sorry, Jack got held up at a meeting. Oh, I see you met Mia.

Oh yeah we go way back. I knew Mia when she was still scribbling those little anime characters in her notebook.

I had no idea. I would have had Mia's assistant find a time for you two to meet directly had I known.

Assistant?

Of course. Well technically, two assistants since, you know, she's the CEO.

CEO? Wait, but this is your company?

Just give us a minute. Yeah I guess that little anime series worked out after all.

Wow, I had no idea. But honestly, if anyone deserves success, it's you. You always worked really hard and I never understood or appreciated any of that. Not until I lost all of my money. But um, anyways, congrats on everything. I'm guessing you wouldn't want to hire me.

Well we are scaling up. I could use an extra set of hands. If you're still interested, of course.

Really?

Yeah. You could start right now.

Sorry to interrupt but your mom called. She is loving the new house you got her and is hoping you'll be home for dinner. And then Sniper Wolf just got here for the meeting.

Okay great, tell my mom I'll be there at seven. And I'm coming right now for the meeting. And your first task can be making us some coffee.

Oh yeah, I, uh, I can do that.

I'm just kidding. You can help run our social media. I remember you're pretty good at that.

Oh yeah, um, sorry about that, by the way. But that sounds good.

Great. HR will get you started.

Oh and Mia? Thank you again.

Hey, hey you. Just thought I'd bring you these.

Oh thanks, honey. What's that?

Come say hi to Sniper Wolf.

Sniper Wolf, okay!

hey i'm joining a cooking club

sign up for d d club it's

really fun

[Music]

sign up for dungeons and dragons it's an

exciting

role-playing adventure

grace hey jack thanks cave uh

thanks lindsay

you look nice

today yo

jack

what the heck's going on here door club

um actually it's dungeons and dragons

it's it's really fun fine

dad and i play it all the time

would you like to sign up oh do i look

to you jack five years old or something

this has to be the lamest club i've ever

seen i mean this guy approved but i

couldn't get my paintball club

what a waste

the only thing worse than dungeons and

dragons

is pokemon cards

[Laughter]

okay well thanks for stopping by

wait wait wait wait

jack jack jack you don't have any

signatures

please

you might as well just give it up jack

you're never going to get anyone to play

don't choose me

start using dragons with you man

all right you probably just started this

club to make friends and it's not gonna

happen nobody wants to be friends with a

guy who thinks he's a wizard

you know what d and d i get it now d and

d probably stands for dumb

and dorky

please leave me alone paul

you know what let me just take this

booth over and start my paintball club

okay i'm sure people prefer what do you

guys think huh who would prefer uh my

club of paintball versus the nerd dork

whatever club that he is going on huh

[Music]

hey jackson you're just in time for

lasagna

and when we're finished we can pick up

our dnd campaign just where we left off

are you all right son

i really don't feel like playing tonight

dad

but it's lasagna night we always play on

lasagna night

did something happen at school

i don't want to talk about it

jackson you can always talk to me

no one wanted to sign up for my d d club

it was embarrassing

a bunch of the other kids just made fun

of me that's all right

maybe they just don't realize how much

fun the game is

you know if i went to your school i

totally would have signed up

great just me and my dad playing d d

sounds like a really awesome club it

sure does

you don't get it

i already have a hard time making

friends at school now everyone thinks

i'm a bigger dork

for once i just want to be

[Music]

cool

who cares what other people think

you don't need others approval because

the coolest thing you can do is be

yourself

[Music]

you know

i used to get made fun of too when i was

your age

i still turned out pretty cool

you sure did dad hey

let's do this

let's play again tonight and if you

don't have a good time you'll never have

to play again

you won't even have to come to my dnd

meet up after school on thursday

deal

all right

fine

perfect

now you're gonna love this lasagna

i spent all day on it

all day huh

still no luck with finding any new jobs

nah

a few districts still have me on standby

and

hopefully they're gonna talk me soon

all right

where did we leave off

we were in the cave of trolls and we

were chased in there by a bone-crushing

cyclops

there's no way out but through it now

what do you want to do for your first

move

well

it's dark in here so

i want to light up the cave using my

wand yes all right i am going to roll

for investigation and

that is a 10.

hey jack

buddy why aren't you uh wearing your uh

wizard cape today

oh are you still waiting on your letter

of acceptance from hogwarts or what's

what's going on

i'm sure gandalf is going to send it

real soon

you're mixing up harry potter and lord

of the rings oh whatever dork it's all

the same

it's a narrative

all right students

settle down

settle down

miss adams has called out sick she

hasn't been feeling very well so you

have a substitute teacher for the next

few days

a very

interesting

one

please everyone show some respect for mr

gordon he will continue your lesson on

abraham lincoln

[Music]

four score and seven years ago

what the

well

i'm abraham lincoln of course

well if you consider signing the

emancipation proclamation something a

dweeb would

do and yes i'm a total dude

hey jack isn't this neat i get to be

your teacher

[Music]

wait

jackie

i'm sorry do you know this guy

no i

i don't think so

jackie boy

it's me it's dad

[Music]

oh

hey dad

this is gonna be so much fun

wow you know what it's it's all adding

up it's all it's all clicking so your

dad is papa dork and you're dark junior

um hi jackson

i saw what paul did to you yesterday he

is so mean he's such a bully um

yeah i'm it's not a big deal i'm kind of

over it

okay

i got your sign-up sheet back from me

thanks

wait

you signed it

you want to join the dungeons and

dragons club yes i thought it could be

fun you get to teach me though because

my son son that was such a blast back

there i forgot how much i missed

teaching is this a friend of yours hi

i'm jack's dad hi mr gordon um

yeah i actually live a couple blocks out

from you guys

well that's neat

hey maybe you should come over for my

world famous lasagna sometime dad

can we talk later

hey

is this for the d d club

looks like we got another member that

makes three of us um your dad's in the

club too no he's not

well

i did say if i went to your school

i'd sign up and here i am

um

can you let me know if any more members

join i just um don't want to be the only

girl there no no no

wait ah that's all right

i'm sure we can get more kids to sign up

guess what guess what

your principal wants me to substitute

for the rest of the month

isn't that great uh-huh that's wonderful

well i gotta go teach my next class i'll

see you around

think about it

mr davies i already told you you missed

the cut-off for submitting your

paintball club now if you really wanted

a club i don't know why you retracted

your first submission look my first idea

was dumb

paintball is a way better idea i'm

telling you kids would love it

come on let's all come to some slack

jack over here i mean you can get any

signatures for a slant club i mean look

at him

is that true

yeah

no one signed up

well

you still have until the end of the week

but if you don't get a single member

i will consider replacing it with the

paintball club

[Music]

dick

talk

hey hey jackie jackie jackie i got you

just in time you don't have to buy lunch

today because i brought leftover chicken

parmesan and fresh baked brownies dad

can you not call me jackie in public

well i always call you jackie you're my

jackie boy can you please just not do it

here in school

oh i'm sure here take your food

where would you like to sit

i'm gonna sit by myself can't you sit

with the other teachers

are you sure yeah

no other student is sitting with their

parents

i get it

i don't want to cramp your style little

man

[Applause]

oh

did daddy make brownies for everyone or

please leave me alone i don't want to

deal with you right now what i'm just

saying you're lucky i mean i wish my dad

was here to make me

brownies they look good can i have one

oh thanks

never mind

hey

are you sure you don't want to come over

and eat at the teacher's table

they're actually huge d d fans we can

start a whole new campaign with them

jackson wait wait up hey you forgot your

name i want you to leave me hello

i don't want to eat your lunch i don't

want to sit at the teacher's table and i

don't want to play dungeons and dragons

with you anymore

you're embarrassing me

jackson i'm sorry

i never meant to embarrass you i just

just thought we could be buddies like we

are at home

yeah um you want to come over to my

place to place fortnight

uh nah

nah i got someone to be late maybe

another one sounds good

um principal myers

about my dnd club i just did you get

enough signatures now no i

i actually wanted to let you know

i'm canceling it

i'm not interested in starting cloth

anymore

oh

what a shame

i actually thought yours was the most

unique

but um

i'm sure paul will be happy to hear that

he's getting his paintball club after

all

take care

so weird

[Music]

dad

so

[Music]

um

lindsey hey

what are you doing here

i saw what happened in the cafeteria

today

and everyone did just want to come by

and see what you're doing

oh you know just uh

trying to recover from my dad ruining my

life

your life isn't ruined

yeah well

if it hasn't been completely destroyed

i'm sure my dad can find a way to make

things worse you know

i never realized how dorky was until

people started pointing it out

um

your dad substituted my fourth period

history class today oh what did he do no

no he's actually not too bad once you

get to know him

she got it cool

wait what yeah the amount of effort he

puts in everything and how over the top

he is

but in a fun way you know yeah he's kind

of dorky but

i always like that about you and now i

see where you get it from

anyway um

i hope you feel better

i mean the next time your dad makes

lasagna

[Music]

the goblin uses his trickery to lead you

into a swamp yee

come with me everyone

but leaves you behind in the mist makes

it harder to get through to the other

side

is there any danger in this world

dangerous yes there is danger in the

swamp it is a deadly swamp that is what

i said i shall wield my wizard stone and

cast a spell to clear a clear safe path

across the swamp all right i will allow

it

your spell

ah backfires in your face making it even

harder to get through the swamp the

water rises steaming hot and you see a

fin in the water a swamp monster is

inching ever closer is there a boat

nearby no boats your wizard just

destroyed all of the boats unfortunately

and

the swamp monster enraged by your wizard

bursts out of the water and starts

stampeding towards your body i used my

fire arrow to hit the monster in his

ugly face i love the energy go for it

[Applause]

okay you you you aren't able to hit it

your arrow just bounces straight off the

monster

now it's stronger than you think all

right and it starts to swim faster

towards all of you your whole party's

engaged when was your mom i used my wand

to levitate us out of the swamp

glad you could make it we could really

use your wand right now wonderful to

have you join us oh powerful jack

all righty

very nice okay with a flourish of your

wand and sparkles in the air you

levitate your entire party above the

swamp your companions smile at you

delightfully however the kraken as you

see it is now reaches up with one of its

tentacles and grabs you off

[Music]

red tie

thank you

hey dad

i'm really really sorry about today i

was completely out of line that's okay i

get it

i was a teenager too you know

if my dad would have been my substitute

i would have died

but really

i was not trying to embarrass you i know

you were just being you

and

i don't know anyone that does that as

good as you do

so

are you okay with me being your

substitute

i think i'll survive great

because principal myers is considering

giving me a full-time position next

semester awesome

i'll just make sure to transfer schools

before then

[Music]

just kidding

bam not got seconds let me give a wild

card

wild cards paul

i don't know you did pokemon tournaments

if you tell anyone and i mean anyone

that i was here i will night and i will

shove you into a locker whoa whoa

don't worry

your secret's safe with me

for what it's worth

i don't think there's anything wrong

with playing pokemon

just like i don't think there's anything

wrong with being into dungeons and

dragons

so

why'd you want to start a paintball club

if things ball wasn't my first

idea from being honest um

i don't even know how to play

paintball

i knew that if i

went with pokemon my first idea then i

would be the laughingstock of school so

so you made me the laughingstock

or what

just so you can look cooler

look

you can keep this a secret but if i've

learned

anything recently

is that the coolest thing you can do

just be yourself

yeah

hey so how'd it go are you guys okay

yeah dad everything's fine

hey

about the dungeons and dragons club

school

i was gonna cancel it but

now i'm gonna tell principal meyers i'm

gonna move forward with it after all

really

well that's great news did you remember

to sign up

yeah

you

[Music]

shall we get back to the swamp monster

we shall

apex rules vicious mockery

[Music]

[Applause]

a giant stomps towards you uh okay um

then i will use my chief shifting powers

to turn into um what can i turn into

again anything you want okay uh then i

will use my shape-shifting powers to

turn into an even bigger giant and kick

his butt

you employ your shape-shifting powers to

transform yourself into a massive giant

and now you're the size of a skyscraper

yes okay then i pick up the other giant

and throw it into the forest behind us

oh

[Music]

one sec

hey man

what's up what's going on i

see your

club ended up working out nice man

i was actually wondering if you'd be oh

you want to join of course

no not

not quite um i was actually looking to

see if you'd be wanting to expand

you see i was going to start my pokemon

club but

i was thinking we could just

i don't know

join forces

it sounds cool come on in guys anyone

want to play d d with us first

i'd love to learn yeah all right nice

okay

yeah well welcome to the club guys

we tend to get a little wild around here

wow we sure do

los angeles high school is now cut don't

let him get to you yeah mom you are

fired i'm going to make it on camera you

could start a youtube channel the girl

who cannot speak english is gonna make

it make all these videos by ourselves

what a joke all you have to do is be

yourself

there you go buddy

hi what are you doing

you want something to eat little man i

don't have any money don't worry this

one's on me

what did i tell you about talking to

stranger he could be dangerous ma'am

it's not like that at all

[Music]

hey

you need to leave you scared my

customers ma'am i'm sorry please i'm

just trying to make a couple bucks that

ain't got nothing to do with me

now you need to go and you need to take

this dirty dog with you

excuse me

i know i know i'm leaving no i just uh

wanted to get something to eat

yeah

of course

i'll make you my specialty nacho tacos

hey aren't you a good boy

how have you been doing this

cooking oh man

forever

i actually used to run my own restaurant

making all kinds of stuff

pretty popular place maybe you've heard

of it

tony's

a big red building and had a pink door i

remember that place that was your spot

wow they had some of the best food in

colorado springs

as i think about it i think i took a

date there one time

yeah in fact i know that i did because i

remember thinking that the food was way

better than the day

it's like that sometimes you know

[Music]

can i ask what happened tony's was

always pretty packed

you mean like

what i shut down

same reason everyone else did

pandemic

i may have lost everything but uh

it's all right

i'm still one of the luckiest guys in

the world

what do you mean

well i get to do what i was put on this

earth for

every day i get to

cook and share food with people

sometimes i even still go downtown to

help feed the homeless just like i did

when a

restaurant was still open

plus i got roscoe here you know

you uh you want all the fixins

please

let me uh

let me know what you think

oh my god

this is probably one of the best things

i've ever eaten in my life just a little

something something i've been working on

you ever think about opening up another

restaurant i think it would make a

killing yeah

that'd be the dream

the banks won't really give me a loan

you know people won't even really look

at me

everyone

thinks i want to scam them out of money

for

drugs or

alcohol or

whatever else you know it must be really

tough i'm sorry

yeah thanks it's just

being homeless

[Music]

nobody trusts you

i've been

kicked out of so many places now i just

may end up living in a tent downtown

someplace

are you gonna be around tomorrow

yeah

i mean not exactly here but i'll be

around what i'm gonna bring some friends

by if that's all right with you

of course

i'll be waiting

and uh i'm tony

as you know i'm charlie

i'll see you guys soon see you charlie

oh wait wait

you changed no no no you keep that

believe me this

is worth that and then some

[Music]

hey

what are you still doing here i know i

know i'm leaving i'm leaving right now i

swear i swear

i don't get it

he said he was gonna be around here

yesterday

excuse me

have you seen tony the guy who was out

here yesterday cooking you talking about

the homeless guy

oh i finally got rid of him for good i

had to call the cops

why would you do that

for loitering and bothering my customers

i had to tell him over and over again

nobody wants him here okay well do you

at least know where he is it's kind of

important that we find him hopefully

he's in jail

but i don't know

as long as he's not in front of my store

i don't care

okay come on

hi yes i'm looking for a man his name is

tony i don't know his last name he's uh

middle-aged

probably has a dog with him

he would have been booked about an hour

ago

okay

thanks anyway

you called every police station in the

area i don't think we're gonna find him

yeah maybe it just wasn't meant to be

at least you tried yeah well trying

isn't good enough

come on guys think about this if you

were a guy who loved to cook and wanted

to feed people work

i got it oh i know where he is what

there you go i can enjoy this

hey charlie my man

what are you doing here

we stopped by where i met you yesterday

but they said that the cops kicked you

out

yeah the

owner she

really has it out for me

but how'd you find me all the way down

here

well first i called like a million

places but then it hit me that you would

be where you are needed most and

here you are looking for homeless people

downtown what can i say uh

old habits you die hard you know

these are my friends hey hey can i uh

offer you guys something oh no thank you

no actually uh we want to offer you

something oh yeah this is for you

what is all this cooking supplies pots

pans knives everything the guy at the

store said that it is the best of the

best

and uh of course i couldn't forget you

roscoe

charlie this is

this is way too much i can't accept all

this i insist

you have a gift

you should be able to share that i just

hope that

all this can help you do that it

definitely will

i don't know i'm ever going to be able

to repeat you don't have to repay me

just

one day when you're able

pay it forward

because

what goes around always comes around

i will thank you

thank you so much

you're welcome

actually yeah uh we have a few more

surprises for you

what are you doing tonight

oh man i mean

i might have to check my schedule but

no plans charlie well why don't you come

over to my place i'm gonna cook for my

friends maybe you can give me a few

pointers

you mean like

like a dinner

i don't know about that oh you wouldn't

have to do any of the cooking i'll do

all the work it's

it's not that it's just

i'd be happy to make all the food it's

just um

not really in a state

to be in somebody's house you know

i don't even really know the last time

right

i had a little shower

you can shower at my place

i've got an extra bathroom and like

a hundred of those tiny little hotel

soaps just lying around he's not lying

either

no that all sounds great but really i

i'd hate to inconvenience you you

wouldn't i would be learning from a

master chef that is worth a shower and

anyway you're probably gonna want more

from me after he takes my cooking

okay

okay i'll do it

yes

oh shoot no charlie it's all right i got

roscoe i got a great big yard that he

can just run around in

so what do you say

it's just

all this almost seems

too good to be true

what do you think roscoe you want to go

i think that's a yes

okay

yeah sure

uh let's just

meet here

at five o'clock

well we'll see you then

it's great see ya bye guys

hey tony how are you 20. hey roscoe you

made it

[Music]

so i hope you don't mind

but uh

i picked up a few things for you

i just guess that you're a large

that's right

[Music]

awesome

[Music]

guest bathroom right here

take your time get cleaned up fresh

towels for you right there

and i will take roscoe

i can't tell you how much i appreciate

this

of course

hey ross

come here are you hungry

refreshing oh

you should check it out we're at 42

thousand dollars what the winds

hey looking good you clean up nice tony

yeah you look like a completely

different person thank you

thank you that was

the best shower i've had in years we

look amazing man

[Music]

awesome

for you thank thank you

thank you

cheers cheers

tony would you mind taking a look at my

suit oh yeah what you working on here

charlie

charlie

i'm impressed

um that is one good base

now if you want to elevate it though

spices

we're gonna add some

cumin

just a little bit

there's the paprika same thing not too

much

and then some chili

[Music]

give it a stir

go ahead and give that a try

[Music]

that's delicious nice

so that's all i've been doing wrong all

these years

i think it's probably a little bit more

than that

there

so

do we eat dinner first

or do we show tony his next surprise

wait wait

more

more than all this

guys really everything you've already

done so far so much more than i could

ever ask for i think you're really gonna

like this next one should we show them

yeah let's go

[Music]

your whole life is about to change to me

i can't believe you guys are doing all

this for me

come on oh wait we should cover his eyes

yeah i got it i got it

okay all right all right watch your step

all right come on couple more steps

ready

open's nice

what

in the world

no

no guys no way

you don't have to cook on that little

grill anymore time

you said your wish was to open a

restaurant again right

yeah

now you have one

come on let's go check it out

oh this is yours

you own this now tony

[Music]

no way no

i don't believe this

it's got everything you need

sink fridge shelves

we even got you a gift card so you can

buy groceries

the only thing this place is missing

tony

is you

thank you

thank you guys

thank you um

i don't know what to say

how did you guys even do this well i may

or may not have posted your story online

turns out there's a lot of people that

remember tony's

wanted to help

it's even started building some

immediate traction

you started a gofundme you actually

raised

forty three thousand dollars

forty three thousand can't eat meat

we use that money to buy you this truck

so that you never have to get kicked out

of anywhere after cops called on you

again

thank you

thank you

thank you thank you this is

this has to be the best day of my life

thank you charlie

[Music]

yesterday was really special

yeah i was

i wonder what tony's doing

i bet you he's still on cloud nine

wait should we go check on him

yeah that's a great idea

sauce cheese everything yeah

hey tony what's up man hey guys what's

going on what brings around here well we

just came by to check up on you it looks

like things are going really well here

i definitely can't complain here you go

thank you well if they're anything like

your last place i'm gonna need to put an

order in how much are they no charlie

put that away

it's on the house

here you go sir thank you i i appreciate

that tony but i want to support you i'll

pay what everybody else is paying all

right

i'm not charging any of them

so here you go i actually made a policy

that

i'm going to come down here at least

once a day

i'm going to feed as many people as i

can

and

i'm going to do it for free

it's incredible tommy where'd it go good

for you

it's just uh

my way of paying it forward you know

because a wise man i know

told me that everything that goes around

always comes around

pin

agreement

at this rate you're gonna have to hire

somebody to help you

you know what

that's a great idea charlie

give me a minute

hello ma'am

i saw your sign are you looking for work

yes

i'm just trying to find a job so i can

get something to eat but it's

it's hard getting employed looking like

this

i know the feeling

why don't you come work with roscoe and

i

are you for real

a hundred percent

i mean

i really could use the help

does 15 an hour sound okay

oh my god that would be the greatest

blessing oh

wait

do you have to interview or anything no

no don't worry about it

most important thing is that the manager

likes you

roscoe's a pretty good judge of care

well thanks for believing in me roscoe

here you go try these nacho tacos it's

my signature dish

and whenever you're ready

come on board you can get cleaned up and

i'll teach you how to make them oh my

god

thank you

thank you so so much

don't mention it take your time okay

okay thank you

[Music]

can i trouble you for 22 so that i could

get something to eat for today you mean

buy some more drugs i'm an artist and i

work with celebrities yeah right buddy

and i'm elon musk

and i'm oprah winfrey

[Music]

so you

[Music]

i don't see i'll be able to breathe

[Music]

[Applause]

[Music]

whoa

that was amazing dad but you definitely

killed it thanks dawn that was so much

fun well we still gotta discuss who's

gonna be the best fit for the band but

you are for sure one of the best things

we've auditioned so far awesome thanks

for giving me the shot see how it's cool

tomorrow

yeah

bye-bye bye jasmine

dude we have to go with her okay she's

beautiful yeah okay relax richie we're

not going based off looks she's actually

a really good singer though she'd be

perfect for lee vocals yes

that too what becca said

yeah but is she good enough to help us

win battle of the bands she's the best

singer we've heard everyone else was

trash

dominate that last girl had some pipes

she'd be perfect for the mythical

backflip with a magical kickback mom and

we're kind of in the middle of a private

band meeting right now

sorry

sorry

okay

oh

if you see your little sister before i

do can you let her know i'ma run to the

store real quick to get some butter

you got it i will pass on the butter

news if i see her

you know it's super cool that your mom

lets us rehearse here my mom would never

yeah i did same my mom would be like

turn this music off right now because we

only play bruno mars

yeah

yeah i mean my mom was in a band when

she was younger so she was totally cool

when i asked her

and i all i had to do on my hand was

promise to keep my grades up oh sweet

how's that going so far

[Music]

oh

dude

your grades are terrible i know that

richie i just

i've been so focused on battle of the

bands it's been hard for me to pay

attention to anything else

has your mom seen it oh heck no

otherwise we wouldn't be able to compete

at all

i'm just gonna show it to her next week

when the contest is over i'll just tell

her we got to report cards back later

than usual don't you think she's gonna

be mad when she finds out yeah by that

time we will have juan battle the bands

and our rockstar careers will be taking

off and that's all that matters

[Music]

brandi how many times have i told you

not to spy on us

i wasn't spying i was just hiding in

your closet listening to everything you

were saying that's exactly what spying

is you better not tell them

i want

if you give me something i

want

[Music]

can you guys give us a minute you out

you ah move it move it move it move it

pineys

faster

all right little twerp what are your

demands

well since the magical kickback is

looking for a newly singer

i thought maybe

it could be me

no

no deal not gonna happen

finally i'm telling mom about your

grades randy there's no way i'm ever

gonna let my little sister in my band

okay never in a million years we'll see

what mom has to say when she finds out

about your report card

[Music]

are we good is she gonna be cool yeah i

don't think she's gonna tell my mom i

think she's bluffing

come on let's rehearse a song again

there we go

dominic

you and your two little friends sound so

good today

takes me back to my name my first time

on stage i was only 16 but i sounded

whitney houston we know

you've told us the story

315 times

usually you start singing afterwards so

will always

love you mom um i'm under a lot of

stress right now can you please

fantasize about your youth another time

don't be sad dominic

hey baby you're awful quiet

you have anything you want to share

about your day today

well since we're on the topic of

dominic's band

i was in his room and

i let her audition for lead singer

really

dominique

it's nothing food's hot i don't know she

has sass sounds like an angel

she's in the van now

stop it my two babies in a band together

that makes me so happy i'm so much happy

about it i mean i'm

i'm i'm i'm just i'm excited too uh what

brother wouldn't want his little sister

in a fan

well

congratulations sweetie thank you oh i

can't wait to see you two perform

you're gonna be my number one fan

i'm gonna tell you just like i told your

brother just have to make sure that this

doesn't interfere with your grades got

to keep those grades up if you want to

stay in the band i promise to get good

grades just like dominic

i'm so proud of you too

i have just a thing to celebrate

peach cobbler

ever

once you get to be in one song all the

songs no no god are you kidding me

that's insane

you need a breath nick oh mom okay we'll

get all the songs and i'll take a break

can we have ice cream on our pie oh yeah

good

couples be excused

what about the pie i want pie

[Music]

why is brandy in here hello well there's

actually something i wanted to talk to

you guys about i am in the van now

please tell me she's joking she's

serious she's our new lead singer

what when did this even happen yeah what

about jasmine brandy promises not to

tell my mom about the report card as

long as she gets to sing in the band no

no that's that's unacceptable dude has

no

choice

and if you guys want to perform in the

back of the dance you don't really have

a choice either if not my neck's

grounded you lose your lead

guitar player

boy isn't she smart oh yes i am

can we talk to you over there in the

corner for a second two minutes hurry up

i don't like my sign being wasted two

minutes starting now

move

dude your sister is straight up evil

yeah how the heck are we supposed to win

battle the bands with herself lovely

singer guys i know this isn't ideal okay

but it could be worse and who knows

maybe we might make it work

billy eilish works with her brother all

the time right and they make sick music

together

right but does your sister sing like

billy eilish um

we're gonna find

out all right brandi let's hear you sing

yay

[Music]

drop that beat

[Music]

[Music]

okay we have a huge problem i agree this

song sucks we need way better lyrics

than this hey we wrote that together

well it's dog water roof roof and now

that i'm in the band i think i swear to

lyrics otherwise you won't stand a

chance at winning the contest brandy

it's the lyrics aren't the issue

i have an original song that i've

already written let's start with that

one

all right hit it

stop but we don't even know how that

song goes less talking more

brandy that's not how it works we have

to work together to make a song fine

i'll hop right into it and you guys can

watch my tripod

[Music]

[Music]

holy cow hello

you guys better start playing your

little instruments and otherwise i'm

telling mine about the report card real

quick

okay

guys let's try to

match your tempo

[Music]

randy hasn't turned up yet do you think

she just like forgot

guys i'm making a few changes i want to

share with you guys you want to do more

changes

[Music]

yes every good band has to have a

coordinated outfit

what do you think

okay this is going way

way too far this is not the style that

the magical kickback is going for we're

more like chill vibes

that reminds me magical kickback the

band name needs to change like what does

that even mean it's so lame it's

supposed to be ambiguous like 30 seconds

to mars or imagine blah blah blah i have

an idea and this is what our new name

will be

drumroll please

i said drumroll don't make me say it

again

[Music]

queen brandy and her royal bandy

what so that makes us the bandy yeah

don't you just love it this is totally

gonna make us stand out yeah it's also

totally going to make us look ridiculous

we usually

decide things as a band you know

together

i really decided to use my mom and she

loved them i can also run your report

card buyer

fine we're queen brandy and her royal

bandy

i'm so glad you guys like

changes

[Music]

let's practice rainbow carnival again

becca you've been dragging lately it

would be a shame if we had to replace

you

wake up

one two

three oh god wait okay we gotta do

something this is getting out of hand

yeah dude no cat man there's no way

we're submitting our name as queen

brandy and blah blah blah not to mention

that pink dress i'm a drummer i am not

wearing that thing yeah if she was

actually a good singer then yeah maybe

we could consider this but we can't

kick her out of the band otherwise she's

going to tell my mom but we can't keep

her in either she's going to ruin our

chances of winning sounds like we lose

either way okay unless

we tell her that battle of the bands was

canceled that way we can just

go without her

yes

perfect then we call up jasmine and let

her know she's our lead singer yes okay

okay thank goodness

we our miracles really do come true yes

okay

we're all in agreement all right i'll

tell brandy the news tonight

we are back in business

from here on out everything has to be

secret okay even my mom has to believe

it so we got to practice somewhere else

hey guys

i have some bad news

is something wrong

when were you going to tell me about

this where what

you how did you get that

brandi tell your brother what you told

me well when we're practicing i saw it

under your bed

and i knew he was hiding it so i thought

the right thing to do was to show you

dominic you promised me that you would

keep your grades up

it is clear that this band is a

distraction

you told me you could do both i'm sorry

mom it's just hard for me to focus on

anything when all i want to do is win

battle the band i am very

disappointed

i should ground you and you shouldn't be

able to go to the show at all

but your sister makes a good point

what do you mean well it's not fair that

she can't perform just because you made

a mistake and she wants to win this

competition just as bad as you do and

i'm not going to take that opportunity

away from her

wait so we can still go to battle of

bands only because she deserves to have

her moment

and just because you messed up doesn't

mean she should have to suffer but she

just

know her nothing

you're lucky that she's in your band

or you wouldn't be performing at all

okay that's it you're out of the band

you can't do that you literally broke

our agreement and told mom you have no

more leverage you're out of the band no

without voir you wouldn't be able to

perform at battle of the bands you heard

mom if it wasn't for me you'd be

grounded that weekend it can't be

happening

so if you kick me out then mom will have

no reason why to let you go or you keep

me and we win the contest together

you're the worst and we're not going to

win because you're a terrible singer oh

come on

bro have a little faith

and maybe next time don't try to lie

about this show being cancelled

it was a bad idea

[Music]

my

[Music]

we can't quit

let's give it up parkway

[Applause]

you guys ready

we're ready to get this over with

yeah i'm

i'm so sorry

you guys if we lose this tonight it'll

be all brandy's fault and it's just it's

it's not all her fault this all happened

because you had to hide your bad grades

from your mom if you had just been

honest she would have grounded me anyway

okay but at least it could have given us

more time to find a new guitarist to

replace you alright and plus jasmine

could have been our lead singer

all right and now we all have to suffer

because of it okay guys

this is our band

we're in this together right

richie and i were talking and after

tonight

we're leaving the band no

it's we just can't be a part of whatever

this is it's nothing personal no guys

this is this is

we can't break up this is only because

brandy was blackmailing me two wrongs

don't make a right

[Applause]

all right all right let's keep this park

rocking

up next we've got queen brandy and her

royal

family

[Music]

you guys are up it's show

[Applause]

moment time

[Applause]

[Music]

let's play so you see

let's play so you see

[Music]

it's

[Music]

hey stop stop stop

you're ruining my band in my life

it um

it appears that we are having a little

bit of technical difficulties you and

you

outside right now you get outside

keep that energy level up and we'll get

this fixed right away

what was that all about it looked like

the both of you were trying to sabotage

each other that's not what band members

do that's because i never wanted her to

be a band member mom but i had no choice

explain

randy found my report card a week ago

she promised not to tell you as long as

i let her be in my band she's been

blackmailing me this whole time

brandy

is that true

well

technically i was just having him do

whatever i wanted so i wouldn't tell him

brandy that's exactly what blackmailing

is don't try to look all innocent young

lady i can't believe you you've been

taking advantage of your big brother

this whole time

don't forget he's the one who lied to

you about his grades oh

that is true

but two wrongs don't make a right

both of you have let me down big time

you for hiding your report card and you

for exploiting your big brother i'm

sorry mom

i should have told you earlier that none

of this would have ever happened it's my

fault i should have never been spying on

don to be going with i'm sorry for

ruining your band

i'm glad that you two have apologized

but now you're both grounded and neither

one of you is going to be playing

anymore and that's just the beginning

i am going to think of another

punishment for you both

hey uh so we fixed the technical issues

we're not ready for you guys oh no no no

i'm sorry but they won't be performing

anymore tonight

come on the audience has been waiting

we can't just like leave them hanging

please don't let us down

please mom just this last performance

okay

fine

i know how much this means to you

but after today yes yes i know i know

thank you so much mom

let's go i don't want to be in your band

anymore

really

okay i i understand

i mean singing isn't for everyone no no

no no no

i know how good i am i just mean i'm

starting my own solo career

oh okay

all right well i guess we won't be

performing then i mean we don't have a

singer so

i'll go tell him

you know what i just thought of another

punishment

oh

[Music]

oh mom no you no is already embarrassing

enough having my sister in my band no

not you my mom no can you

you don't even know the lyrics oh yes i

do i've been listening to you kids play

all night

[Music]

don't be

[Music]

baby

come on back to me

[Music]

[Music]

i think my sister and ken have something

going on they're right there

jesse looked super cute that night it's

not possible it looks pretty obvious to

me you think my sister is cute i can't

believe this i'm gonna say something

wait wait

stop

what's everyone looking at um madison i

don't think you want to see this

or use shelby

shelby's boyfriend tried to flirt with

madison

it says he tried to slide in her dms i

knew there was something off about the

relationship

if i was shelby i'd be devastated

she's right there

i'm so sorry i should have told you

sooner

my best friend are you serious no no

she'll be so this this never happened

nice i always had the feeling you were

into her we're so done

come on babe babe tell her you know i

would never do something like that

babe

this is insane

i can't believe someone would do all of

this to madison i mean she's literally

the worst but even if she doesn't

deserve all this

whoever did it is gonna get in huge

trouble

olivia

what do you know who did it

emma

why do you have madison styles

you see

oh my god i love that bag so cute

thanks

my aunt got it for me um she loves

spoiling me and my sister because she

does some kids of her own lucky

homelands have like four kids

this is officially the coolest thing i

own i'm going to wear it every day and

i'm definitely going to bring it to a

murder mystery club this weekend yes

this is so freaking gorgeous thanks it's

the same one rihanna has i'm like dying

it'd go perfect with what i'm wearing

tomorrow night with jason

uh it's still so weird that you're

dating my brother i can't get used to it

you know if you like weren't one of my

closest friends i'd break the two of you

up please don't ever do that you know

how much i like him

oh no she didn't

um

there's no way you're wearing the same

bag as me

you better have a different one in your

locker uh

no this is my only bag then go find an

old one from the lost and found and use

that or something madison what's the big

deal do you have any idea how

embarrassing this is i can't be seen

wearing the same bag as emma everyone's

gonna think i got it at like tj maxx or

something

sorry but i love this bag and i'm using

it every day

hey baby

oh hey nice bag huh thanks

oh

oh cool madison has the same bag i guess

emma's a trendsetter huh

can i say something

just when i thought she couldn't get

more annoying she comes to school with

the same bag as me well it's not like

you can do anything about it you just

gotta accept it

trust me we all have to accept things

that annoy us

[Music]

uh 917

46.

sorry sweetie it doesn't look like you

have enough credits

sure my mom didn't give me any cash

she lost your wallet

just use my id i have a ton of credits

four eight two

nine two six

all right ladies you're all set

thanks boo

thanks boo

why is she talking like that

everything about her annoys me

[Music]

i want to ruin her bag

i wish there was a way that i could just

like crush it or something

oh shoot we've forgotten how kids

[Music]

where are you going

madison what are you doing over there

oh my gosh olivia are you okay yeah

wait barf but i'm fine

watch where you're going

what are you talking about you did this

on purpose

no

she bumped into me you guys saw that

right she totally knocked the grease

into me and then it fell on her

what on earth happened in here

i i think it was an accident uh the

girls bumped into each other and uh they

knocked over the grease

that's not true madison did this on

purpose on purpose why would she

did anyone see madison do this

no

madison's right i tripped over the car

and the grease fell on me

oh boy are you okay are you hurt do you

need us to call your parents

no i'm fine

can i just change into my pe clothes for

the rest of the day of course i'll go

see if i can find you a new pair of gym

sweats

whose bag is that

it's mine

why

i i like it

madison you have the same one

you two are like twins

i'll see about those sweats

why didn't you tell her the truth

madison did this to you just

let it go

come back to her

it's not fair

we need to get her back we can't let her

get away with this no

please don't

you know the saying

don't waste your time on revenge

those who deserve it will always get it

in the end but she just leave it okay

karma will come around

[Music]

weird

hey jason what you got there i

think it's

madison's journal or her diary or

something i don't know

oh she must have dropped it um

i can give it to her she lives on my

block oh

here yeah i got it

all right then

so you see

that's how i found this

trust me i wanted to ruin madison's life

with this

make her regret for messing with us

i was so torn but

then i realized i'm not that person

not as mean as madison

so i kept it in my backpack this whole

time

so you didn't do it

no

i didn't even read it

because i remembered what you said

it's not worth getting her back

i should just let karma take care of it

well um

so if you didn't do it then who did

i have no idea

listen emma

no one can see you with this diary

it makes you look guilty i know

someone what's up let me put it back

emma robinson

hi

principal jackson

this note was left in my office by an

anonymous student i didn't know what it

meant until now

i don't know what

that's wrong i

i don't have it

well someone must think that you do i'm

gonna need to check your locker no you

can't do that yes emma it's school

policy someone used the copiers to

harass madison and i need to find out

who did it i will not tolerate bullying

in my school oh wait principal jackson

i swear i didn't do this

my office right now hey she didn't do it

well the proof says otherwise

to my office go and you too

i'm waiting for your mom to answer so

she can come pick you up you stay put

you got the wrong person i really didn't

do it

hello

yes

this is shape

what's happening

okay quick miss peterson thinks i'm

going to the bathroom

while she still thinks this misses the

diary who is in my locker

she's going to suspend me for the rest

of the week what that's not fair you

shouldn't even do it

she doesn't believe me

and once my mom finds out i'm gonna be

grounded for the rest of my life

because she's totally gonna take the

principal side but we can kiss her

murder mystery wickets goodbye

no that looks so bad that's like the

only thing i look forward to every week

i don't know

but someone's clearly trying to pin this

on me

wait

who's the only person who saw you with

the diary

jason

we gotta confront him and quick

wait

the principal says i have to stay put

what's worse could happen

you're already suspended gotta go

why are you taking that

no mysteries work

never know what you're gonna need

some stuff can turn out to be important

can anyone tell me where the declaration

of independence was signed

yes at the bottom by the eggs

can i help you olivia yeah i need to

talk to jason for a second

it's about a school project it'll be

quick

okay

philadelphia

[Music]

what's up

are you trying to frame me what

what are you talking about madison's

diary you're technically the one who

gave it to me

yeah because i thought you were gonna

give it to her if i knew you're gonna

make photocopies i never would have

given it to you i didn't make the copies

maybe it was you who made the copies

then you passed the evidence onto emma

so she could take the fall relax

detective olivia

for your information

shelby just broke up with me over

madison's diaries

look i love shelby

i mean why would i do that to myself

sure he's right

he really doesn't have a lot of

all i know is that someone ruined my

relationship

okay madison is not the only victim here

don't act so innocent

you were still messaging your

girlfriend's best friend behind your

back what no i wasn't okay

she was messing with me and that's the

truth not the other way around

hmm sure

is there

anyone who didn't want you and shelby

together

not that i can think of

i mean maybe my sister

you know kate never liked the idea of

me and her

best friend

but other than that jason

we're going over the constitutional

convention you don't want to miss this

right right of course

come on okay

we'll talk

kate would have had easy access to

madison's diary it was totally her

oh my gosh this is like more fun than

our murder mystery games

maybe for you

since your future's on the line here

i still can't believe all this is

happening oh i know i'm so sorry

well at least you don't have to worry

about me dating your brother anymore

shelby i mean it bothered me and yeah

like grossed me out when the two of you

were together but you got together but

so what you kate what are you talking

about it was you who made the copies you

wanted to break up shelby and jason

admit it you knew of madison's diary got

leaked shelby would find out the truth

and it would cause their breakup

is that tricky no i would never do such

a thing

i was gonna say yeah it bothered me but

you made my brother so happy i would

never break the two of you up

i mean i thought you were good for each

other

as for you two how dare you accuse me of

something like this you two have more

motive madison threw grease on you in

front of the whole school yesterday

yeah and principal jackson found

madison's diary in your locker so we all

know who did it for your information i

was framed i didn't make the copies well

neither did i plus i don't even have

credit on my id i use cash for

everything what does that have to do

with anything

everybody's talking about how the diary

pages were made at the school copy

machine the one in the library you need

to use credit from your school id to

make copies

i know how we can find out who did this

we just got our lead let's go

hi

ladies how can i help you

oh there's that cute bag again i love it

it's very pretty

what do you mean again

i recognize your bag weren't you in here

yesterday

no i wasn't

i really wasn't

we wanted to see if there's any way to

see who used the photocopying machine if

this is about the diary incident from

this morning i already told principal

jackson that the photocopy machine has

been completely reset there's no way to

view any history

sure there has to be another way

we're trying to solve this mystery

is there no backup anyway

uh

oh the computer backs up the copier log

we can check there

yeah all right write them

so

yeah it looks like all the student ids

that were last entered are right here

oh i have another student to assist i

hope people ladies find what you need

a hundred copies

this has to be it

the student id is 482

926

isn't that your id

i don't know how that got there

if it is you can tell me

i totally understand i

i just don't know why you'd put the

blame on me um

it wasn't me okay i would never frame

you

okay i'm sorry

but

what about you

the librarian said she saw your back

yesterday

you're back thinking against me

i don't know okay maybe we'll never

solve this mystery

well emma robertson please return to the

principal's office your mother is here

to pick you up

[Music]

why do they have to say my mom is here

well i'm sure you'll have a lot of time

to think about it at home here

take the clue

[Music]

oh my gosh

i know who did it

wait

madison

what are you still doing here aren't you

supposed to be suspended

you like that wouldn't you

that when noah finds out the truth what

are you getting at

there you are young lady i've been

looking everywhere for you you are in

big trouble emma i can't believe you did

this it's like i don't even know heck

you are

i didn't do it

but i know who did

it was madison

what

why would madison do this to herself

exactly

besides the fact that she'll love to get

me back for her in the same bag as her

madison has a crush

on her best friend's boyfriend that's

ridiculous he's the one who has a crush

on me no i told you i don't like you

okay

what was shelby

okay that's why i didn't respond

to any of your dms

you've been damning jason no no i okay

even if i have that doesn't mean i'd

leak my own diary

unless you have some other proof emma i

do

now i barely told me something that

helped me figure this out

she said she saw my bag yesterday

but i didn't step foot in the library

yesterday

and only one other person has my bag

after it hit me

i compare the note that was left for

principal jackson to one of the diary

pages

both eyes are exactly the same

madison dots your eyes just like that

you can check every diary page to

confirm she's right madison does dot her

eyes like that shelby

madison

is this all true tell us the truth and

why would you use my student id on the

copy machine

fine

i did it it was me

i've had a crush on jason ever since

elementary school and you knew about it

and you still decided to date him that

was a long time ago i didn't realize you

liked him well yes i did and i've been

waiting for you guys to break up for

months

when i realized it wasn't gonna happen i

wanted to ruin your guys's relationship

but i didn't want to look like a bad

friend so

i had to get creative

you see

at lunch yesterday i heard olivia shout

out her id number four two

nine two

six

originally i was going to use it all on

lunch just to drain her account but then

i started thinking of a better idea

i decided to make a fake diary and act

like jason had secretly been in love

with me

then i made copies of it using olivia's

id to make it seem like it was her

thankfully miss bradshaw never noticed

to make things even more confusing i saw

emma walk into the hallway so i decided

to leave the diary for her

i figured between emma and olivia

one of them would get blamed instead of

me

so you see

that's what happened

if shelby didn't steal jason from me

then i wouldn't have had to stoop solo

well looks like i almost suspended the

wrong girl i'm so sorry mrs robinson i

did not mean to waste your time no

problem i am just glad that my girl

didn't do this

deep down i know she has a good heart

she could never

does this mean i'm not going to be

grounded of course not

wait does this mean we can still do our

murder mystery club this weekend yeah

see

look i would never do anything to hurt

you

and i i know i probably should have told

you that madison was dming me but i

didn't want to ruin you guys friendship

look i'm sorry can you can you forgive

me please

of course

i'm so sorry i didn't believe you i want

to get it i'm so happy you guys are back

together it's so much better to have my

brother date you instead of

somebody else

no guys please come with me young lady

we're gonna go call your mom and after

all this you're probably gonna be

transferring schools follow me

this way

i'm glad you didn't plan a revenge

scheme after all

i just did what you said don't waste

your time on revenge

those who deserve it always gets theirs

at the end

oh

you two detectives are pretty impressive

now do you think you can use those

skills to help me find my wallet

no i'm serious

what do we have here give it back to me

libby i hope this isn't your design for

the competition yeah it is why it's

hideous her hideous work has won the

competition three years in a row look

zara i'm gonna win this competition this

year i still can't believe you guys were

friends

Agency CHEATS YOUTUBERS for MONEY, What Happens Next Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

Dude this is so cool, man.

Look, just imagine!

I'm pretty sure all the big Yout=Tubers come here. You know have meetings in like these cool offices and whatnot.

Have you guys noticed that everybody here is like, over the age of 40? I mean how much can you know about YouTube, right?

I don't know man, they look pretty smart to me.

Yeah I mean, look at that guy. He has a tie on. He has to know a lot.

That's not how it works.

Yo yo, what up fam? How's it going?

Hey, are we keeping it 100?

[Music]

We are giving it one month cool

I'm Trevor. I'm a lead agent here at Grand Talent. I'm a huge fan of you boys.

Thanks.

And you must be Eric, right? The behind the scenes guy.

I'm in the video sometimes.

Cool. Hey you guys thirsty? Want anything to drink? We have sparkling water, soda, champagne.

We're fine, uh, thanks though.

Okay, no worries.

what about food? We can order whatever you want. We got fillet mignon, caviar, there's a nice sushi place close by if you guys like sushi.

Yeah uhm I think I'll start with some of the sushi.

Unfortunately we just ate, so uh, we're hoping to hop right into it but

That's okay. Of course time's valuable. Follow me.

Dude, what the heck? We wanted sushi and caviar.

Dude look,

I've listened to podcasts about this alright? They just try to impress you up front so then you just end up signing a really horrible deal and then they treat you like dog water, okay? Let's not fall for this.

You're done.

You're done.

Ok, uh how about this: why don't you just let me do the talking from here on out?

[Music]

He's got us.

So what we do here is we take channels like yours and we elevate them so they can reach a wider audience. And we do that by giving you the resources in budget to make bigger and better content.

If--if I may, um, I believe I heard you use the word budget. Um, that does mean money, right?

Yes. You boys should be looking forward to a lot of money coming your way, especially with the signing bonus.

I like what I'm hearing, Trevor.

No no please please please please call me Trev. all my homies call me that .

i'm another

trap

Uh just curious, has any other agencies reached out to you yet?

Yes actually we are talking to--

No no no no no one's reached out okay?

You're the first and if I'm being honest. I mean we are big fans of the YouTubers that you work with here.

Really

Yeah

I mean well maybe you'll get to meet someone you know. We encourage all of our creators to work with each other.

Now since you don't like having your time being wasted, let's skip straight to the numbers.

yes now we start off all of our talent with a $25,000 signing.

[Music]

Uh that as in each of us?

Yes yes that's an upfront amount to cover the five-year

agreement. Now Grand Talent will manage to outboard this channel and collect all the adsense revenue. We take care of the heavy lifting so you can just focus on making the content.

Um

I--I think that sounds awesome.

Wait wait wait wait that's 25,000 in five years?

That's correct. And after that, we will renegotiate. And this is a very generous offer. Not a lot of people will pay this well.

And we don't want to take that for granted. You know we've never been offered that much money ever. Like in our entire lives. So I don't see what we have to lose, right Eric?

Uh, can we have a second please?

Sure no problem. Uh I just saw Mr Feast and I'm gonna go say what's up to him. Carry on. Yo Mr Feast! What's happening?

Imagine bro! !e could be collabing with somebody like that. We have to sign this contract.

Did you guys do the math? That's only $5,000 a year. We could probably make more than that in like a video or two.

Okay like technically sure. But dude, that's like guaranteed upfront money.

I'm sorry but do you understand how much twenty five thousand dollars is?

Yeah dude I could buy like a gold chain with that amount of money.

And I could get a rolling oh

You guys are missing the point, alright? We agreed that we wouldn't sign anything. I feel like he's definitely taking advantage of us and we won't be able to tell unless we hear from the other agencies.

I mean you might have a point. It might be worth just asking

Yo that's Laughing Larry right there.

Oh my gosh,

yeah, this is my home. We need to sign right now.

Agree agree. Hey look, hear me out: 25k is a lot of money for someone who just does behind the scenes work.

Sure I--I mean you should be happy you're making just as much as us.

Well I'm more than a behind-the-scenes guy, guys. I come up with all the ideas, all the titles, all the thumbnails.

Like Mr Beep Boop over here.

I analyze the trends and I run the business.

You do, dude. It's not that hard, alright? The real magic is what me and Liam do.

Okay alright, don't be so sad. Fine, uh, I'll tell you what, we'll be diplomatic about this. We'll take it to a vote.

That's alright, I feel like you guys clearly want to be here.

I'm just behind the scenes guy, so like my opinion doesn't really matter.

But--

I'm gonna go. Good luck guys, seriously.

Where you going? We're team one two three. Three amigos.

It's more like the two amigos. One day you guys are just gonna see that not everything that glitters turns out to be gold.

Come on Eric, don't be like this man.

Go. Seriously let him go. It's fine. We'll just be the LK boys.

Okay yeah. It sounds better without the E anyways.

Okay uh Trev um we actually are gonna need some of that sushi.

Welcome to our studio. Your new home.

Oh bro this is next level.

Bro bro you see all these snacks?

Yeah

This is all for you guys. You guys are the stars. Help yourselves to whatever you want.

With all these new resources, I bet you guys have a whole bunch of new ideas. For future reference, make sure you send all your ideas to uh Martha in creative.

Yeah email ahead of time.

Yeah.

Yeah, but since this is your first day, I'll go ahead and take a look.

Yeah I think this is a little too highbrow

Highbrow?

Intellectual

And I--I don't think the older audience is going to get this one. Plus we can't use that word.

We actually like all these ideas you're scratching off.

Oh yeah you know let me go ahead and make a few things clear here: so see, Grand Talent has the final say before it goes out to the production.

Wait.

Wait I don't think you mentioned that part.

Oh no it was definitely in the fine print. But don't worry, you know we're going to make sure we're going to take care of your channel. And we're going to use all the analytics the market research to make sure we're going to reach the widest audience as possible.

Cool. Yeah yeah.

We just want to make sure that you're not putting like, a limited cap on our ideas and creativity.

Of course not. Look, trust mem we would never want to remove the spark that makes your channel so special. We just tweak a few things.

Tweaks

I think I finally get it. It's like you're just, you know, um looking out for us.

Exactly; looking out for you guys. Let me just go ahead and look at a few more.

Do your thing boss.

Oh no, the moms--they're not gonna like that one.

The moms?

Yeah, the moms.

Hey what are you doing? Don't you have any respect for your elders?

Oh alright cut cut alright alright.

Good job boys. Real good job. Just one minor adjustment.

Yeah? What's up?

We decided to remove the line "old hag" and uh, but you guys did it anyway.

Yeah you did, but we felt like the linewas kind of funny, so just okay whatever

you want boston today

It's just our older audience is not too fond of the term "old hag". It's highly offensive for the viewers 60 and over.

60 and over?

Correct.

You guys do know our, like our audience is teenagers?

Why do they keep whispering? Hey you can tell us how you feel directly you know. I mean we know you're telling him what to say.

Sure thing, home slice. See the thing is, we don't want to exclude our older audience.

Right but our content's not for them.

That's right. Which is why this is a great opportunity for your channel to gain new viewership.

He is on the money.

And come to think of it, why does the old lady have to fall down, you know what I mean? Why does she have to be attacked?

It's the whole point of the skit,

okay? A senior gets beat up by criminals because she gets mad and starts a life of fighting crime. What don't you understand, guys? It's like Batman right? But it's with a grandma. It's funny.

Yeah but that's still good guys

um after a long discussion,

we've decided that we don't think that older people are going to find it funny.

It's--basically what you're doing is elder abuse.

That's elder abuse? Okay our audience knows our humor.

Okay how about this we just put the video out and let's see what the people think?

Yeah.

I tell people what they think. And the other thing is gentlemen is that you haven't come to terms with who is wearing the tie.

I did notice the tie. That's a nice tie.

Thank you thank you.

You're welcome my friend. You see guysm we've done tons of research on this so, better idea how about we do a rewrite, huh?

No no no where's Trev no where's Trev

We'll be rewriting trev tran

where is travis you're supposed to be

here.

No see well actually he's out signing new clients.

But dog, don't worry about it you got us. We're gonna help you out, no cap, right?

Bro. Homie.

We're gonna make sure this is as funny as it could possibly be. We just need to change it a little bit.

Like a tweak.

We're tweaking what's thinking he's he's

really saying those words we'll tweak

it's coming out of his mouth you can

tweak back back to one back to one

We got it.

No there's no problem.

Ready to go film. Uh nope I am a free man

because it is Saturday and we already

made a video this week about that.

Um yeah Grand Talent wants us to film twice a week now.

Yeah it's not like we're gonna get paid for it, which is why i'm so pissed.

Hey watch your language man, we're a family channel.

Exactly dude, that's what's making me mad.

Okay we used to be on top of the world, and now, and now we have to impress these out of touch execs. Like our numbers are just going down and ever since we signed with them, bro. Like people don't even watch our videos anymore. Have you read these comments lately?

Look, look.

ELK boys aren't as funny as they used to be.

Okay don't know what happened, but their charm from their old videos isn't there anymore.

Oh that's some cap, right?

Exactly. Yeah yeah last one okay: their old content is way better than their new stuff that they make. I heard that they sold out.

Bro someone's just a hater, okay?

They didn't get enough love from the family.

How about

Hey you didn't keep scrolling bro,

How about this one: these guys are so sweet they remind me of my grandsons.

Grandparents?

Mm-hmm ew grandparents like our stuff, alright? We used to be so dope. Now they're making fun of our content.

I recognize that that is problematic, uh, but dude, can you blame them? There's so many rules about what we can and can't create. Like they're just gonna reject anything we offer them.

I'd say let's

bring forth the idea like Eric just did

with his new channel. But we all know how Mr ty's gonna react. He's gonna be like, what's up home skillet? why don't you

just stop out

Eric's making videos now?

Yeah. Yeah you should check him out honestly.

Uh, he started his own channel. It's like, kind of blowing up. He's kind of inspirational if you ask me.

Wow

Um

You know what man? I'm hungry.

Let's get some food before we go to the studio. Ihat way I can just clear my mind a little bit.

Sure yeah that sounds good.

Uh real fast live like 10 bucks? Your boy's just kind of strapped on cash.

What happened to the 25k? You spent it already?

I mean, yeah, I don't know, okay?

Let me ask you a question: how are we supposed to survive the next four and a half years?

Don't worry. I thought it out, okay? I'm built different.

Mm-hmm. Okay.

It's fine it's it's cool. We'll we'll we'll just go talk to Trev.

Oh yeah Trev is the homie. Yeah, he'll understand.

What do you mean, he's unavailable okay? Trevor used to come around all the time. Now he's just gone.

Sorry, he's tied up in a meeting with some new creators.

Okay well tell him his current clients need to speak with him right now.

mm-hmm

Also could I get some like sushi? I was

thinking for the state pretty

immediately

Sorry that's just for new clients.

Like I said, I'll let Rrevor know you came to see him and I'm sure he'll get back to you when he can.

But I'm I'm hungry!

What's up home slices? Is there a problem?

Uh yeah actually, the the problem is that we're looking for Trev. Where's Trev?

Oh I'm sure you could, you know, run it by me.

No. We mean we need to talk to him directly.

About you not letting us make our content.

It's messing up our views, okay? We want to approve our own stuff from now on.

Yeah well unfortunately that's not how the contract works, okay?

Well you didn't say that alright? You only told us about the money.

Well i'm sorry guys, it's up to you to read things. I mean, nobody forced you to sign. But it's okay because we use analytics to ensure that you make the right decisions. Maximizing revenue.

Okay well we don't get that money.

homies

What's up? Are we--are we alright?

Hit that whoa. Anyway, look I've been meaning to get at you, gees. We may need you to start posting three times a week to make up for those low views recently, okay?

No no no okay first of all, we're only getting low views because you guys, alright? Okay, and now you want us to work three times as hard?

Yes that's accurate. Yes.

No, forget this okay? This contract is done, okay? We're out. Come on.

Hold up. Look, it doesn't really work that way. Look, no shade bros, but we own ELK boys now. You signed it over to us. So you're not allowed to create any more content for that channel. At least until you're five years or so.

You guys can't do that!

Yes we can.

Come on, you boys did get paid. I'm judging by that sick chain and that dope watch you guys have no problem cashing the check.

Oh I see: you playing.

Got that drift

style and profile so icy is it cold in

it? I'm freezing.

He just silly. Yeah he just tends to touch 15,000.

I'm gonna need a second.

That does make sense.

Oh he's big mad. Hey holla back player.

Peace out.

Uh hi, I'm Sniper Tiger a new YouTuber and I just got a damn from you guys.

Yes you're great! How are you? We're big fans. Are you hungry? Do you want some fillet minon? Sushi?

Yeah that sounds great!

Let's go this way.

Can't stand those guys.

Man, tell me about it.

You know what though? We'll be fine.

Will we?

Yeah, we'll be fine. We'll just tough out the contract, you know, and then when it's over, we'll just we'll go to Trevor

just arena

No no no no no, Kyle, I'm sorry I-I can't. I can't do this anymorem man.

What do you mean? We--we have to! You heard them: we're in a contract.

Contract, lawn track, whatever

Dude the contract says that we can't

make content under their name, right? But the contract doesn't say anything about not making content period. And if this is the stuff we're going to be making, then I don't want to do it anymore. You know I'm right. It's just not fun like it used to be. Not even with the chain.

So what you gonna do now?

[Music]

I don't know. Probably get a real person job or whatever they do. I--I'll figure it out.

I get it.

[Music]

Uh I'm gonna take a walk. Figure out what I'm gonna do.

See you later.

Sorry about that.

You know what? That's good. You're actually helping me out.

Laughing Larry? No way!

Yeah.

Wait wait a second, wait, I recognize you.

You're--you're from, uh, the ELK boys, right?

Yeah yeah I am. But i'm a huge fan of yours, man.

Thanks bro. Um, how you--you and your boys--what what are the names? Uh Liam and Eric?

Yeah they're actually, um, right. They're, uh, not part of the group anymore.

So sorry to hear that. That's rough.

Yeah.

You know what? Yeah, that Eric guy just started his own YouTube channel, didn't he? But it's got over 2 million subs already. I've never seen anybody grow that fast. That's, yeah.

So anyways, uh. what are you doing? Like shooting a video or something? Like why are you picking up these cans?

Okay this--this is embarrassing for me, but I'm broke. I--I have to do this to get by.

But you're Laughing Larry! I mean your videos, they get millions of views!

Yeah, it doesn't make much of a difference if the agency takes everything. You see, when I was younger, I signed a really really bad contract. I got distracted by all the jewelry and the cars they put in front of me. If I knew I was gonna be living in my car one day, I probably would have at least bought an SUV though.

Huh.

[Music]

It's still sad. Really sorry to hear that man.

I guess after all this time,

[Music]

one thing I've learned is that not everything that glitters is gold.

Yeah you're right.

I guess I wish I would have just learned that sooner, you know?

[Music]

Thanks, Larry. Good luck with everything.

Thanks. Oh hey, uhm before you go, can I ask you for just one more thing?

Yeah what's up man?

Did you maybe have, like, ten dollars I could borrow so i can get something to eat?

Come in.

Yeah thanks.

See you around there.

Gotcha.

I can't believe you'd hide in the pool!

She thought she was going to win the money, but not this time! Make sure you don't miss next video where the last person to leave the circle gets 10 grand.

10k! That's a lot of money. Sorry, your mom let me in.

So Kyle, it's good to see you man.

Oh, kind of wet.

Yeah.

So I see your YouTube channel is really taking off. Congrats!

Thanks.

If I was you, I wouldn't spend all my

money.

Ah dude, between you and me, I make a lot more than that right now. I mean my last one just broke 25k.

Are you serious? Wow. I guess you always were more than just a behind the scenes guy.

Yo yo yo yo uh I found this in my personal collection. You think this would be like good enough for the video? I could like--

Dude perfect.

So you're gonna be in Eric's videos now?

Oh yeah with the contract I had Liam send that over to me. I read the whole thing, alright? And although the ELK boys can't really make their own stuff, it doesn't say anything about filming with other creators outside of the company.

Exactly.

So you know, as long as I'm under Eric's channel, it doesn't really matter what Grand Talent thinks.

Ah, cool.

And uh, we would love for you to join us.

Really?

If you want. No pressure.

You really want me in your group? Even after how I treated you?

Hey, the two amigos just doesn't have the same ring to it. Besides, I miss filming with you guys.

Thank god! I'm tired of him shooting me with Nerf guns and dressing me up like a lobster.

It's a good look, right?

She's so shellfish about it.

Oh that's good. We need to write that one down/

Wait wait wait, so what about the ELK boys?

I don't know, honestly.

I say forget about it. I mean dude, the magic is us. It's always been, man.

So you in?

Yeah man, you in?

[Music]

Teen CAUGHT SNEAKING into A PARTY, What Happens Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

Hey Ariel. Uh, hey Ariel.

Hi Peter.

Peter, I have some extremely profounding news. You're not gonna believe me.

Whoa! Slow down. What is it?

No way! DJ Crazy Train tickets? Wait, how did you get these? I thought the party's completely sold out.

Oh it is. So you remember my cousin Trish? Well, she works for the event so she was able to snag me these.

Score! Heck yeah. We're going to get our grove on.

[Music]

Hey, are you guys going to the DJ Crazy Train event this weekend?

Yeah, why? Are you two fans?

Are you kidding? We love DJ Crazy Train. I mean look: he's even the wallpaper on my phone.

Yeah. And we tried to get tickets for the event this weekend, but it's completely sold out. How did you get tickets?

Um wellm my cousin's a coordinator for the event so she got them for us. She's the best.

You guys are so lucky.

She can get you guys tickets. too. I mean, if you ladies want to go with us.

Oh my gosh, really? Wait, that'd be amazing.

Actually we don't--

We don't see why not. Uh she can definitely hook us up with two more, isn't that right, Kent?

Um, I don't think--

He doesn't think that should be an issue. We can for sure make it happen.

Well great! So we'll see you guys there then. And you're gonna have to teach me some of those dance moves on the dance floor, Peter.

You, uh, you wanna dance with me?

Yeah of course! It's gonna be fun.

Awesome. I'll DM you later.

Cool.

[Music]

What were you thinking?

What do you mean? I just got us dates with two of the cutest girls in school. They would have never given us the time of day before.

Only because you lied to them. No. Don't you know lying never solves anything? It just makes things worse.

I didn't lie. I was just being optimistic. I'm sure Trish can get us two more. I'll even pay for them.

But she can't make tickets magically appear. What part of sold out do you not understand?

We at least have to try. This could be big for both of us. You can dance with Gina while I dance with Ariel, and who knows? Maybe they'll become our girlfriends.

[Music]

Oh man, the situations you put me in. I'll ask my cousin but, she if can't do it, you better tell them the truth.

I promise.

[Music]

You're the man.

[Music]

Please have your tickets ready. You don't have a ticket, you're not getting in.

Any updates? What did she say?

Oh nothing. She hasn't texted back. It's not looking good man.

This can't be happening. The girls are going to be here any minute, and--and

Hey Peter!

Hey, you made it! Oh you look amazing.

Thank you. We wouldn't miss it for the world.

Did you get our tickets?

Um, about that...

Of course we did! Just like I promised. Uh, here you go.

Oh my gosh I can't believe it.

Oh wow, neither can I.

I am so excited we're gonna see DJ Crazy Train!

Uh Peter, can I talk to you over here for a second?

Uh. why don't you two wait in line and we'll be right there.

Okay.

Are you insane? You just gave away our tickets. What are we supposed to do?

Trish is gonna come through for us, I just know it. I got a good feeling, man.

Hey, I'm sorry I haven't texted back. It is crazy in there. Stage manager Sheila is on edge. She is worried about every little thing going wrong.

I get it. Thanks for even coming out.

Yeah no problem, but let's make this quick. Uh what exactly do you guys need?

Two more tickets for the show. I got cash. I'm willing to pay for them.

Yeah, that's gonna be impossible. We're completely sold out.

Come on! There has to be something we can do to get in.

Sorry. What happened to the tickets that I gave you?

Peter here thought it'd be a good idea to give them away to two girls.

I did it for love.

Well those girls get to enjoy a show instead of you guys, then.

Hey, we're heading in. Are you guys coming?

Uh, we gotta handle a few things first. We'll just meet you inside.

Okay.

There's absolutely nothing you can do?

No chance. No, I'm sorry, there's nothing more I can do.

Can I have an extra badge? Angelica misplaced hers.

Oh my god. She is always misplacing things. Let me see. Well yeah here you go.

Thank you.

Yeah, like I said I--

What if you gave us two of those badges?

Those are for staff only.

Well what if we were a part of the staff?

Oh come on, Peter, now you're asking for too much.

I'm willing to do whatever it takes. Uh, Ariel is waiting for me on the dance floor, man.

You really love this girl, don't you?

Since like the fourth grade.

Maybe it could work, okay? But that was my last one and I don't even know if we have any left. I'll have to check.

Thank you so much! You're the best.

Don't celebrate too early, okay? There's no promises. I say you got about a 25% chance. Okay I'll be back.

You see what you're making my cousin go through? And the world does not revolve around you, Peter. Dude, we could be in there right now getting our groove on, but no, you just have to give our tickets away.

It's okay. Opening acts go first. Crazy Train probably won't go on for another hour. Any word from Trish?

Dude, my phone's dead. We're just gonna have to wait.

Oh my gosh Ariel is calling! Hello?

Hey. Where are you guys?

Uh yeah, we kind of ran into some issues, but we're working on getting in. We'll be inside in no time.

Uh okay, cool. Yeah we actually met some guys who want to take us to VIP, so you can come find us there, okay?

Wait, VIP? Who are these guys? Some random guys are trying to take our girls. We got to get in there now. We don't have time to wait.

Did you see that? Those guys just greased the bouncer to get in? Why didn't I think of this sooner?

Wait, wait, wait, what are you gonna do with that?

Uh good evening, uh, sir. My friend and I are here to see DJ Crazy Train.

Okay thenm, well, have your tickets ready. Then why don't you go wait in the back of the line.

About that: I don't have any tickets. but we do have this, if you catch my drift.

And what's that for?

Well, it could be for you, if you want to let us in.

Is it a bribe? You trying to bribe?

I wouldn't use that word for legal reasons, but you can take it. How you'd like. If you're willing to just turn your back and let us walk in, this will magically find its way into your pocket?

Not going to happen.

But you just let those two in.

They're the owners of the building. You know what? I want you to magically disappear.

Okay I had no idea. Um, totally understandable.

Go. Now.

I'll just get out of here. I think I just made things worse.

Gosh man, I gotta stop letting you do all the talking. Now what?

I wonder if there's someone at the back entrance I could talk to.

No we're not gonna--

[Music]

Is DJ Crazy Train here yet?

No Sheila, he hasn't shown up yet.

I think he's running late.

It's locked.

Maybe if we wait out here.

I've been looking for you guys. Look what I got.

Yes!

Now make it quick before somebody sees.

Oh we really appreciate this, Trish, and I promise we'll make this up to you.

Ariel, here I come!

Each of you, grab one of these. It'll look less suspicious, okay?

[Music]

Oh wait, wait, how do you look?

What do you think you're doing?

Oh, uh, uh, I'm a crew member.

Yeah right. You're not fooling anyone. Get lost.

But--

You're not getting any more warnings. I'm not gonna ask you again.

I hope they're not mad that we're late.

No way man, they're on our time, not the other way around.

Uh, you're DJ Crazy Train.

Yes I am. And you must be the guy who's gonna help us bring in our gear.

I am. That's right, uh, I'm here to help. For sure.

Alright. Dude this masks super uncomfortable for some reason. This is the one I normally wear.

I think that's a new one.

What? Ah no wonder dude, this one's way too tight. Where's my normal one at?

Probably back of the studio.

What? No dude, I can't play with this one tonight. It's--you think it'll be mad if we run and grab it? I mean it shouldn't take us too long.

Oh, you're the star of the show. We'll wait all night if we have to.

I like this guy. Okay let's do that then. And this--this jumpsuit's too tight. It doesn't make sense. What did she do to these wardrobe pieces? Okay. Alright. Okay.

Look, why don't you guys just leave your stuff here and I'll go bring it in. You guys can go do whatever you need to do. I'll let the stage manager know too, so no need to call.

You're the best.

Alright man, thanks.

Don't sweat it. Big fan, by the way.

[Music]

Oh everyone's inside. Still no sign of him.? Breathe. Sheila, breathe. Sheila, breathe.

Hey, sorry I'm late. I was, uh, hanging out with Diplo and Steve Aoki.

Yo what are you doing here?

I'm DJ Crazy Train.

Yeah I know that. You should be going around back.

Oh, uh no worries. I like interacting with everyone.

Yeah, well, we can't be too careful. I almost had to call the cops on some crazy fan. Can you show me the green room?

[Music]

Hey, you alright?

Yeah yeah, just--

But where's all your DJ equipment?

Uh, out of the parking lot.

Alight, man, I'll have somebody grab that for you.

That'd be great.

Sorry I-I gotta get this.

Do your thing.

Hey hey, DJ Crazy Train!

Yeah hey, what's up?

Hi we are like your biggest fans. Um, wait, wait isn't this Peter's phone?

Yeah, Peter's just, um, hanging out with me in the green room. He had to go to the bathroom real quick, so I thought I'd answer.

You're friends with Peter? That's insane.

Yeah he's actually a really really cool guy and very very very dateable.

Yeah he--he is. Um, if you see him could you let him know that we're here waiting for him? And hopefully we'll get to meet you.

Just tell Peter. I'm sure he can make it happen. I'd do anything for him. Anyways, I'll see you later.

Okay bye.

Oh DJ Crazy Train, they just told me you were here.

Hey, you must be, uh Sheila the stage manager.

Yes I am and oh, wow, your voice. It sounds so different over the phone.

Oh it always sounds muffled under the mask.

Oh yeah, right, right, right. Okay well I just told the DJ to announce to the crowd that you're here and the whole room is gonna go nuts.

Um actually, I was thinking of maybe chilling out on the dance floor for a bit first.

No, we gotta get you on stage, buddy.

Oh oh oh, Crazy Train! Crazy Train! Crazy Train! We gotta go now.

I broke the coffee maker.

[Music]

[Applause]

[Music]

You guys ready to have a good time?

Here we...

[Applause]

[Music]

go! Uh sorry. Oh, one second. Uh,

What is going on?

I have no idea.

It's all good. It's all good.

You suck. Get off the stage.

Uh Sheila, DJ Crazy Train is here.

Yeah I know. I'm looking at you right now and it's a disaster.

No I mean, another one is here with his crew and we're in the green room.

What?

What is going on?

Sheila, this right here is the real Crazy Train.

Well if you're the real Crazy Train, who is it out there?

Yeah, it's a really good question.

I am so sorry I had no idea.

But clearly that guy doesn't know what he's doing.

I'll go get him.

I'm so sorry.

What? No, no, I'm doing

You again!

Is that Peter?

Wait, Peter is DJ Crazy Train?

No, he's just an idiot.

Get him out. Get him out. Get him out.

[Music]

Ariel!

[Applause]

Well sorry about that, everyone. Looks like I have an imposter. But not to worry.

[Applause]

Well Peter, you're quite the party crasher.

I'm so sorry about this weekend. I--I can explain everything.

Kent already told us. You know, you could have just told us the truth from the very beginning.

Yeah. I should have. I--I just ended up digging myself deeper and deeper into a hole, and then--

And then you somehow managed to get on stage in a DJ Crazy Train mask.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, in a weird way it's kind of cute that you would go through all of that for me. And besides, I got to see my favorite DJ perform, so.

I'm glad you ended up having a good time. Yeah. Well anyway, thank you again for the tickets, and I'll see you around.

Hey Ariel, wait. Do you think I could try again? Maybe take you out on a date this weekend?

Oh Peter, that would have been nice, but I actually met someone at the concert and I'll be hanging out with him. And besides. I don't date liars. Sorry.

[Music]

I'm guessing she didn't end up being a girlfriend. But look on the bright side: at least you didn't get arrested.

True. How's Trish? Did she end up getting in trouble?

Negative. She played innocent, but she's never gonna do us any favors again thanks to you.

I'm sorry. I feel so bad. Now I know, lying never solves anything. It only makes things worse. What about you? You still mad at me?

A little bit. but mostly I feel bad for you.

Feel bad? Why?

You went viral, and not in a good way.

That's so embarrassing! Turn that off! I--I don't want to see it.

RIVAL GANGS Face Off IN SCHOOL, What Happens Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

Three years in a row. Three years in a row. I'm sick and tired of seeing you all lose the crayons venom every single tournament. As a matter of fact, I'm sick and tired of seeing you guys lose to everyone.

[Music]

What do you have to say for yourselves, huh? Oh, everyone's quiet now, huh? No one has anything to say. Well you know what? That's just great because that's exactly what got us in this position right now. You know what? Ever since Cameron left, we stopped winning trophies. I should have left with him.

We're sorry, Sensei. We tried our best.

I can't even look at y'all right now. Especially you, Joel. Everyone said you were the next Cameron Segal. What a joke.

Where are you going?

I'm done. You all are hopeless. Find someone else to coach you.

Uh, now what do we do?

Guys, maybe Sensei is right, you know? Maybe we are hopeless.

Oh you got that right.

[Music]

What are you doing here, Cesar?

Oh, I see somebody's got some fire behind him tonight. But where was that when I obliterated you at the tournament earlier?

Joel. Relax Joel, it's not worth it.

Oh he's not gonna do anything.  I will take on this entire team at once.

[Music]

Oh yeah? I'd like to see you try it.

Joel.

[Music]

You're a joke. Let's roll, fellas. These sissies ain't even worth our time.

Losers.

God, I can't stand those guys. We need to teach them a lesson.

And how do we do that?

By beating them in the next tournament. Guys, sensei or no sensei, we keep training, yeah? Meet here at the same time tomorrow.

Krav Venom's gonna wish that they never messed with Iron Dragons.

I can't do it.

Same.

You guys aren't kicking hard enough.

That's not it. You're not focused. Power without focus is useless.

Can we help you?

More like, I can help you. You're looking for sensei? Here I am.

Wait, how did you know we were looking for someone?

The universe sent me.

[Music]

The universe?

I can sense it in the air.

Um, the owner of the studio must have put that up.

Wait, wait, so that's our new sensei? He's so old.

Old body. Wise mind. Karate starts here. Success comes from within.

We're going to be worse off than we are now.

Everybody sit.

[Music]

For what?

First lesson.

[Music]

Are we doing yoga right now?

How is this supposed to help us with karate?

Is he asleep? This is ridiculous.

Your breathing is why you can't break the board.

Earlier you said it was my focus, so which one is it?

It all goes together.

Whatever old man. You don't know what you're talking about.

[Music]

I'm out of here.

Me too.

Good luck.

I don't know, Joel.

Did you guys hear him? Karate starts here. Success comes from--

I mean, the dude thinks he's Mr Miyagi or something, like for real.

Yoda.

Yeah yeah seriously. No guys, we can just train at my house until we find a new dojo. Yeah, I mean we don't need a Star Wars Karate Kid want to be trying to--

Well, well, well, look with the cat dragged in.

What do you guys want?

How about everything you got.

Yeah right. You don't want to mess with us. We're all trained fighters. No seriously we'll really hurt you.

Yeah, you heard him. So back up.

We're scared. What, do you guys know karate or something? Let's see a little kicks do against this.

Hey we don't want any trouble.

Oh it's a little late for that huh? Let's go.

Just leave us alone.

Let them be.

[Laughter]

Or what, old man?

The nerve on gramps.

Yeah I got him.

[Applause]

Come on, forget this guy. Let's get out of here. Come on.

Yo guys guys let's go! Let's go!

Whoa, that was amazing! How did you do that?

Practice.

Can you teach us stuff like that?

5 a.m at the dojo tomorrow.

What? That's so early.

I can't believe he took down both of those guys at once.

Me neither. I mean, maybe we didn't give him enough credit, guys.

But are we really gonna meet him at 5am?

You're late.

By 10 minutes. I mean, what did you expect having us come here so early?

Get those books.

[Music]

What are we doing?

You will see.

[Music]

Why'd you do that?

Balance the books. All of you.

[Music]

What's the point of this?

I don't know, but let's just give it a chance.

Good. Let's practice your stance. Ready stance. Hands on your hips. Front stance.

[Music]

[Music]

Control your breathing. Focus. Moving forward. Hey!

This--this is impossible. When are we gonna learn how to fight?

Yeah, I thought you were gonna teach us the stuff that you did last evening, not this boring crap.

Work on your minds first. Practice your balance. Focus. You got 10 minutes to perfect your stance.

I knew it was a bad idea coming back here.

Yeah, I agree. Should we just go?

I need to get some sleep.

You don't have to tell me twice.

Oh shoot. Boys, I forgot my jacket. Um, be right back.

Leaving so soon?

[Music]

Yeah. The boys and I talked about it and this really isn't for us. We appreciate your help though.

Hold this.

Alright.

[Music]

No. All.

Are you sure? I've never seen anyone break four.

[Music]

[Music]

Whoa! Oh my god that's the 360 back kick! Cameron Segal was the only guy I know that can do that.

Now you know, too.

Is it hard to learn?

Nothing's hard unless you believe it to be.

Here we go again. Shouldn't have even asked. Anyways, I'll see you around. Take care.

Alright boys, ready? Go.

I don't know why, I'm just not feeling it today.

Guys, I can't train without a mirror. We need to get a proper dojo.

Well unless you guys want to go back to Mr Miyoda, we really have no--

You know, I didn't think you guys can get any worse. Yet here we are.

Oh you haven't seen anything yet. Just wait until the next tournament when I embarrass you.

[Music]

Okay tough guy. So I guess you wouldn't mind a quick spar then?

Bring it.

Joel, what are you doing? Are you crazy?

[Music]

Come on, Joel.

You got this, Joel.

Okay watch his feet.

Focus, focus.

Watch him, Joel.

Let's go.

Oh come on!

[Music]

[Music]

You know what? Krav Venom we gotta motto: go for the kill.

Joel no!

You're gonna regret that you--

Cameron?

Cameron Seagal? It's really him! A legend in real life!

What's going on here?

Nothing. Just a, uh,friendly karate spar.

Didn't look friendly to me. Now get out of here.

You won't get so lucky next time. Let's roll boys.

[Music]

Thank you.

No problem. You guys alright?

Yeah, Cameron.

Yeah yeah, we're--we're alright. I was just about to take him down, right guys? Maybe not. Thanks for saving us. You know we actually study at the Iron Dragon. Your old dojo.

Well, we used to study there.

I see. And why'd you stop?

Well, we don't have a sensei. Not a good one anyways.

We need someone to train us so we can take down Krav Venom at the upcoming tournament.

Hey, why don't you train us? You're like a legend Iron Dragon.

Yeah we like to GOAT!

Yeah okay, I appreciate it guys, but my fighting days are behind me. but I know someone who can help.

Really? Who?

The sensei that taught me everything I know.

[Music]

What?

No way!

Mr Miyoda? He's the guy who trained you?

Wait, so you had to do all of that crazy stuff, too?

Like breathing exercises, yoga, and balancing books on my head? Yeah, and I hated it, too. But then I realized he was right: success starts from within.

Wow.

Guess the sensei isn't so crazy after all.

He's a real GOAT. If you guys want a chance to win, then you got to give him a chance.

[Music]

Good luck, guys.

Thanks again, Cameron.

Thank you, Cameron.

Thank you.

Well boys, time to do some yoga.

Yoga in three: one, two, three, yoga!

Let's go.

[Music]

The Iron Dragons finally decide to give the old sensei a chance. They follow his advice even though his techniques don't really make sense to them. And slowly but surely they start to make progress. Weeks go by. The Iron Dragons keep putting in the hard work and training. Before long, their skills really improve. As time goes on, the old sensei's techniques pay off. The fighters reach new heights than ever before. The boys are now ready to take on Krav Venom.

[Music]

And then comes the day of the finals.

So I see you ready to lose again.

Yeah about that, you're about to eat your words.

[Music]

Oh yeah, that's right. Look for papa because you're gonna need him.

[Music]

Man, what you gonna do man? Blow me over?

Gentlemen, to your marks. Face me. Bow. Face each other. Bow. Fighting stance. Fight!

[Music]

[Applause]

Point! Back to your spots.

No more Mr Nice Guy.

I'm ready.

Let's go! Come on!

Point!

Ref.

Go to your sensei.

Go to your sensei.

He looks hurt.

Sensei, he's way too good. How am I supposed to beat him?

[Music]

To your line.

Your little yoga moves, they ain't gonna work now. You're done.

[Music]

[Music]

[Applause]

Point. Winner.

You did it! You won!

Dude, that was next level amazing!

You are the GOAT man!

Sensei, thanks for everything. We couldn't have done this without you.

It was always inside you. I just helped you find it.

Oh, you guys were amazing. You know what? I was thinking about us training again. You know I got these new moves I really want to run by you.

No, we're okay. Thanks for the offer though. Maybe you should train Krav Venom.

I'm done with you guys.

Coach get on! Come on, coach!

Looks like they need a new sensei.

[Laughter]

Congratulations Iron Dragons.

Bro, shiny!

[Music]

[Music]

Yeah.

Are we gonna go have lunch?

Only if you can balance the book for ten minutes.

[Music]

KID Tries To CHEAT TOOTH FAIRY, He Lives To Regret It | Dhar Mann

You ready? Go!

Oh no.

Did it work?

No, but it hurt.

Remind me why we're doing this again?

Well, Sam found out how much the tooth fairy gave me and now he's trying to pull his own tooth.

I will be able to buy so much Robux.

I still can't believe Tyler got a hundred bucks! The tooth fairy's generous.

Yeah my dad said something about the sock market and tooth fairy getting a promotion or something. Apparently she's doing pretty well herself and has some nice socks.

Still, I don't think she pays out if you pull your own tooth, Sam. You have to wait until it falls out.

True. Who knows? Maybe you'll get lucky and lose a tooth soon.

What do you know, Kevin? My dad says people make their own luck so that's what I'm doing. For Robux!

Well my dad always says if you cheat, you'll never get what you want.

It's not cheating. I'm gonna lose this tooth anyways. I'm just adjusting nature's timeline.

Isn't there a saying to never mess with nature?

Yeah nature and the tooth fairy don't play.

Well then they finally met their match! Ugh. Let's try this again boys.

Sure you want to do this? It looks painful.

No pain, no gain! Gotta keep our eyes on the prize.

What are you doing? Shouldn't you be cleaning your room like Mom asked you to?

One, I'll get to it, and two, it is none of your business.

Well since it's my job to make sure you don't die before Mom gets home, it is my business, so spill!

If you really have to know, I'm trying to pull out a tooth.

Since when do you have a loose tooth?

He doesn't. He's just trying to get money from the tooth fairy.

Oh really? You're gonna be in so much trouble. Wait till I tell Mom.

Wait, no, you can't!

Watch me.

Wait! I'll give you 10% of my tooth fairy money.

50.

25 and I'll let you pull out the tooth. It's probably going to hurt a lot. Don't you want to see me in pain?

Fine deal Any last words?

For Robux!

Ready? One, two, three!

Did we get it?

Oh no!

Shoot. I don't know what to tell you bro.

Ah, looks like I'm gonna have to step up my game. Ugh, I think I'm gonna be sick.

Yeah, that's caramel apple did me in.

Oh, I can't believe none of this worked!

Sticky foods, crunchy foods, hard foods. It's a dentist's worst nightmare!

Yeah and the Milkduds were the fail-safe!

This tooth is practically super glued inside my mouth.

Yeah. We're gonna have to get even more creative.

[Music]

I don't know. You only played softball for one season.

Trust me.

Oh.

[Music]

All right gentlemen, start your engines! On your mark, get set, go!

Slow down!

We're going to need to go bigger.

What do you mean bigger?

[Music]

You sure you know what you're doing?

I've seen mom and dad drive it a million times. How hard could it be?

Well actually about fifty percent of people fail their first driving test.

I've driven the go-karts at Scandia. I know what I'm doing. Now come on!

Dina!

[Music]

Are you okay?

Did we get it? Did we get the tooth?

Ugh no, I bit my tongue! I've tried everything!

Well not everything.

What? Are you kidding? No way!

Don't be such a baby!

I'm not being a baby. I just don't want my sister to punch me in the face.

Anyone here got a better idea?

Sorry man, I got nothing.

Kevin?

You know how I feel about all this. It's preposterous! It's outrageous! It's not--

You're right, it's the best idea we've got.

That's the spirit!

What? That's not what I was saying.

Shush. Now if Mom asks, this was an accident, capisce? You ready?

[Music]

Ow!

Oh my gosh! I didn't mean to!

Someone go get me ice. Oh my gosh! If mom sees that, she's gonna kill us!

The key word is if she sees it. We have to do what any good criminal would do: we gotta cover our tracks.

Okay we need a level, a hammer, and one of those picture hanging kits with the hooks and nails.

Won't your mom notice just a random picture hanging on your wall out of nowhere?

Yeah wouldn't it be better just to tell her the truth?

And be grounded from now until eternity? No way!

We'll cover more ground if we split up. Tyler and Kevin, you go on this one. Sam will take this aisle.

We got everything. Let's go! Mom will be home in 45 minutes.

Do we have room for maybe one more thing?

[Music]

You seriously think the tooth fairy will believe this?

Look, if I hide it under my pillow and it's nighttime, she won't even be able to tell the difference. You know, if we actually pull this off, it might just be the greatest tooth fairy heist the world has ever seen.

You'll stop at nothing, will you?

Persistence is key. Now pass me that hammer. And voila! Here I hold the tool to unlimited Robux.

I am going to be able to buy so much.

More like 10,000.

7,500 after my cut.

It's all based on a lie. Don't you feel bad even a little bit?

The tooth fairy is loaded. She'll be fine. What does she even need all that money for anyways?

More socks from the sock market?

Don't worry about it so much.

Awesome, Done. Yes it looks great. I can't believe we might actually pull this off!

Yeah me too! Mom.

Quick everybody hide the stuff!

Sam?

Dina? I'm home.

[Music]

Hey there you guys are! How was your day?

Oh you know, same old same old. We just finished our homework a little while ago.

I lost a tooth.

You did? I didn't even know you had a loose one. Here let me check it out.

No! I mean, it's for the tooth fairy's eyes only.

Okay, well I'm sure she'll be excited to see it.

Yeah.

Kev, Tyler are you staying for dinner?

Yup.

Great.

[Music]

That was close.

[Music]

Oh.

[Music]

Yes!

[Music]

What the? What is this?

Well where's my 25%?

The tooth fairy gypped me!

What are you talking about?

What am I supposed to do with this?

Give me a quarter of it is the first thing that comes to mind.

Oh, I can't buy Robux with this. This is--

Exactly what you deserve. You see, the tooth fairy and I had a little chat last night and she was really disappointed to find a fake tooth under your pillow.

You talked to the tooth fairy?

Yep. And she said she's not gonna visit here again until you make up for your little stunt, starting with cleaning your room like I asked you to yesterday.

Fine, I'll do it today.

Good. And when you're done, you can do the dishes and take out the trash.

Are you serious? That's not fair!

Hun, fair is for fairies. Now come on let's get a move on.

I guess your friend was right, cheating won't get you what you want.

Hey, give me that!

Ew. Oatmeal raisin? You could keep my remaining ten percent.

Oh my gosh, it finally came out. I can't believe this! It finally came out!

The better question is how long has Mom had those cookies for?

Mom? Why wouldn't the tooth fairy just bake her own?

[Music]

Sam, Dina, why is there a hole in my wall?

Bar the door shut. !e're never coming out.

Kid CHANGES His GRADES By HACKING, He Lives To Regret It | Dhar Mann

Uh hey Ted, you think you're gonna help me out with this chemistry question I'm stuck on?

Not now, I'm busy.

Wait, did you break the computer? I can get the teacher to help. Uh Mr--

No, no, no, don't wake him up! Almost through. This is my chance.

[Music]

Yes, finally!

What are you doing?

I spent the past few weeks learning how to hack. I finally got onto the school's intranet. Yeah?  The system was so old it was a piece of cake to get into.

Dude, you should be focusing on the classes you're failing at instead of wasting your time doing this.

Oh, I'm not wasting my time. You just take a look at this and don't tell anyone, okay? This has all the folders of every single teacher in the school. And that means it also has their grades. So all I gotta do is find my name and boom! I just changed my grade from a D to an A.

Are you serious? What if you get caught? I mean, teachers are gonna know they didn't give you an A.

Now I'm way ahead of you there. Look, report cards are about to come out right? So after they do, I'll just switch my grades back in the spreadsheet. That way no one will notice.

Man, this is so wrong. Look, why are you doing this?

Oh who wants to fail, right? Besides, I need a new laptop and my parents said that the better my grades are, the better computer they'll buy me.

Man, Ted, you shouldn't be doing this. Someone's gonna find out.

He's coming!

I know!

[Music]

That was close.

Wait, don't these computers take screenshots of what we do on them?

Oh that's just a myth they tell us to scare us into doing our work. Besides, they wouldn't know how to install such a software even if they wanted to.

But what if it's not a myth?

Would you just stop questioning me on everything? Sorry. Look I can help you out too. I can switch your grade from a B to an A. You just say the word.

Uh, no, no, don't do that. I don't wanna have anything to do with this. I'm gonna earn my grades the right way.

Oh well, suit yourself. Imagine if I got valedictorian. I would give the most epic graduation speech.

I'm telling you it's eukaryote.

You have no idea what you're talking about, link it's prokaryotes.

Oh no, you got it wrong: a eukaryote has its DNA inside a nucleus and a prokaryote doesn't even have a nucleus.

Listen bro, I don't mean to brag, but I have a 3.827 GPA and I'm even in the academic bowl tomorrow, so I think I know what I'm talking about here.

Let me look at--I'm gonna show you right now.

Go ahead.

Right here: prokaryote. Nowhere does it say it has a nucleus. You're wrong. Face it man. Take your 3.87.

[Music]

I gotta go.

Okay sorry, I don't want any trouble. Uh I don't have lunch money, but if you want my leftover tuna casserole...

Not here for you. Looking for him.

Hey.

Oh my gosh, Ted what'd you do?

I didn't do anything. These are my new friends, Axel and Stacey.

Stacey the isn't that a girl's name?

You got a problem with my name?

No, no, no, uh I actually think it's really cool.

Yeah. That's what I thought.

Okay uh, alright that'll be 50 bucks each.

Uh, each.

Each.

[Music]

Thanks.

Um, what's going on?

Oh I'm, uh, I'm helping them you know. But Axel needs A's in English and Math, Stacey needs A's in History and Home Ec.

Home Ec?

What, you got a problem with that too? Why is that funny, huh?

It's not uh, um, uh, it's uh, uh, Home Ec is really cool actually.

Yeah.

I'm also gonna need A in Spanish.

Okay well you know the deal, that's 25 extra.

Thanks.

We'll see you around, man.

Yeah see ya.

See you, bro.

Are you kidding me? You're making money off of them?

No, no, no, no, not just them. I've got a bunch of clients lined up for the afternoon. I'm getting pretty busy actually and I've been looking for someone to help out. You want to partner up? You can split it 80/20.

Partner up? Do you think I'm that stupid?

Okay, I see: 70/30.

Dude, I don't want anything to do with this and you need to stop.

60/40. Final offer.

Oh my god, for the last time, no! Now look: you're a great coder. You got a a lot of skills, but you should always use your talents for good instead of evil.

Evil? What am I, a super villain? Alright well, if you don't want anything to do with this, that's fine. I thought I could come to my best friend for everything, but guess I was wrong. I'll just keep all this bread for myself.

You didn't get your report card yet?

No I--I don't know why it's taking so long.

Well what do you think they found out?

No way. My clients got their report cards, no problem. I'll Be getting mine any minute.

Uh oh, Principal Daniels! What do you think they're talking about?

I don't know. I just hope it has nothing to do with me.

Ted, do you mind stepping out? Principal Daniels wants to ask you something.

Could it wait till after school maybe?

Ted, come with me.

My life is over!

Something has come to my attention about you.

[Music]

I was looking through report cards and yours really stuck out to me.

Is--is there something wrong?

Why don't you take a look and tell me yourself.

Oh, uh, would you look at that? Um, look, I can explain: you see--

I just have one thing to say.

What is it?

Amazing job! I'm sorry I've never given you the recognition you deserve. I wanted to personally congratulate you on the perfect GPA this semester. I am very proud of you, young man.

Thanks, uh, of course, yeah, uh, does that mean I can go now?

Actually, there is one more thing: as you probably know, our school is going to compete in the academic bowl tomorrow, but yesterday one of our players got a stomach bug and can't make it, which means I need an alternate. Someone on standby in case another player can't compete.

Alright, um, I'm--I'm really sorry to hear that. My friend Link, he--he'd love to step in. He's--he's really--

No, I don't need your friend. I need you, Mr. 4.0. Come on, what do you say? Can you make your school proud?

I'd love to, it's just, um...

[Music]

It's such short notice and I don't think I could prepare.

Look at your grades. You don't need to prepare. Besides, you'll just be an alternate and I've never had to use any of my alternates.

I appreciate the offer, really. I just, I--

Please. Our school has won the last five competitions. I really need your help or else our school has to forfeit.

I'm sorry, I--I can't make that kind of commitment.

Okay then, I understand. It's a shame because this year the prize money is a lot higher than it's ever been.

Prize money?

That's right, Ted, the winning team gets $1,000 per student. Even the alternates get paid.

And you said that we've won the past five competitions? And none of the alternates have ever had to play? You know what? I can't let my school down. Principal Daniels, you got yourself an alternate.

Fantastic! Thank you, Ted. You saved us. I'll let you know more about it later and we'll see you tomorrow.

Got it, thank you.

Thank you.

No, thank you.

No, thank you.

Yes!

Check, hello hello is this thing on? Alright.

So what exactly is your plan if you get called to compete?

Come on Link, would you just stop worrying? Besides, Principal Daniels said I wouldn't even need to compete today.

But don't you think you're taking this a little too far?

Too far? Link, I'm not taking this far enough. Listen, if--if I can hack into the school to change my grades, you just think of the possibilities. I could give myself uh a perfect GPA and get into the best computer science programs in the country. And if anybody crosses me, I'll ruin their grades. I'm invincible.

Uh, what if you used your hacking skills for something better?

Better? Link, what's better than free money? Exactly. So just let me do my thing and when we win, I'm gonna use that money to make my new computer even more awesome. Just wake me when it's over ok?

Uh Ted, uh, I think--

I'm sleeping.

Uh-oh well you better wake up. Principal Daniels' coming.

Ted, I've got some great news!

Uh, the other team forfeit and we automatically won?

Not exactly. Remember that one student who caught a stomach bug? Turns out she gave it to another student who had to back out last minute. You know what that means?

What?

You get to participate after all! Isn't that great?

Uh wow, yeah, um, you know I--I think I'm coming down with something.

Good one! That's just butterflies in your stomach. Look, with your grades, you will make a great asset to the team. Come on.

Look, I really don't think--

Hello everybody! Let's get started. It does appear that we are missing a member of our blue team. Can we get the fourth student to come up on stage?

That's your cue, young man. Go on, go make our school proud.

Could I just take a minute to--

No. there's no time. Everyone's waiting for you. Come on, get up!

[Music]

Link sit up straight.

Alright, is everyone ready?

Ready.

Yeah.

No, not at all. I mean, woo.

We've had such an exciting game this afternoon. Team blue started with a really strong lead, but after a few mishaps, our two teams are now tied.

Thanks to Ted.

We would have won by now if you hadn't messed up all those answers.

I thought you were a straight A student.

I'm sorry guys, I don't know what happened.

Well, don't do anything else dumb. We want to keep our winning streak.

We now have to go into a tie-breaker round. Now what that means is that each team gets to choose an opponent from the other side to go head to head on one final question. So take a moment to discuss and choose which player from the other side you'd like to play.

We have to choose the weakest player on their team. I say we choose Allison.

Agreed.

But if we choose the weakest player on their team, then they're going to choose--

Has each team come to a decision?

Yes ma'am. We choose Allison.

And we choose Ted.

Oh gosh, I'm doomed!

Ted, here's a tip: as soon as she finishes asking the question just ring the bell even if you don't know the answer right away.

What if I don't know the answer at all?

Failure is not an option.

Ted and Allison, please bring your bells up here and place them on the podium in front of me.

[Applause]

Here we go. The tie-breaker question which will determine which school wins the grand prize: what do you call a living thing that has its DNA inside of a nucleus?

Ted?

I know this one.

Then say it.

The answer--the answer is um--

Five seconds.

Pro, pro eukaryote.

Eukaryote? That answer is correct!

Yes!

[Applause]

Oh we beat you! We beat you guys! Losers!

[Music]

Principal Daniels, aren't you glad you chose me? I won the whole competition for us!

Well thanks for helping us win. We were all pretty worried for a while.

Oh you know, I just wanted to keep things a little interesting.

Yeah, speaking of interesting, I need to ask you something. Can I speak with you alone for a moment?

Yeah sure. Hey guys, I'll be right back.

Alright Ted, what's going on?

What do you mean? We just won the competition.

That last question was the only one you got right. You know, in the middle of the competition, I thought to myself, how does a straight A student like him get so many questions wrong? So I made a few phone calls.

Phone calls? To who?

To your teachers. I wanted to figure out why a smart kid like you was struggling to answer questions you should have known, and I think you know what they told me.

Uh, that some kids are better at taking tests than others?

They told me you were failing some of your classes, Ted, and they were shocked to hear you had a 4.0 on your report card. So I called the computer lab teacher and asked to look up your screenshot history.

Wait that, that's not just a myth? People can actually see what you're doing on those computers?

You found your way into the teacher's files and you changed your grades just before report cards were printed. I can't believe you.

Look, there is a simple explanation for this.

Oh indeed there is: you used your computer skills to manipulate all of us. I'm extremely disappointed in you, Ted. Do you have any idea what happens to a student who commits this kind of offense?

Uh, they, they get a slap on the wrist and a very strong--

They get expelled!

Principal Daniels, wait, no, you--you can't expel me! Don't do this to me! You cannot expel me! It was a dumb mistake and it won't happen again.

I should call the police. That wouldn't look too good on your future college applications would it?

No, please, don't do that! I'm begging you!

You know what? I have an idea for a punishment I think will be much more suitable.

What is it?

I'm not gonna expel you and I'm not even gonna call the police.

I feel like you're--you're about to say--

But, I need you to do a few things in exchange.

Look, I'll do anything!

First, your grades will revert back. Second, you'll forfeit that grant money and give it to the students who couldn't be here today. And third, you get a one week suspension.

Okay. Oh is that it?

Not quite. On top of all that, I need you to do a special assignment for me.

And what does that mean exactly?

It's good to have you back, man.

Dude, are you hacking into the computers again? Didn't you learn your lesson the first time?

No, I'm not hacking into it. Principal Daniels said I wouldn't get expelled if I upgraded every single computer so no one else could hack it. But their system is so old that it's taking me forever. I'm exhausted.

Wow you got real lucky. I tried to warn you all this would happen.

Yeah, I know, and I should have listened. I'm sorry, Link. But I gotta say it: it does feel good to be using my talents for good instead of evil.

I'm glad to hear that. So did your parents ever give you the computer for your birthday?

No, no as soon as they found out what I did, they took away my computer altogether. But I did get some birthday money from my grandparents. Not enough to buy a new laptop though.

Ahem. Back to work young man.

Yes sir. Sorry, I gotta do this. Oh uh, I'm almost done here.

Great. When you're finished with that, you can install antivirus on the rest of these computers and the other classroom computers. Oh. And all the computers in the office. Great. See you later.

This is gonna take weeks.

Ted.

Oh, uh, hi guys, how's it going?

We want our money back. You got us caught up.

Uh, look, there were rules. You knew the risks, right? I mean no refunds.

Now.

I don't have any change.

Well that's okay, we'll just take it all.

See you.

[Music]

Boys Try POISONING A TEACHER What Happens Is Shocking | Dhar Mann

I'm going to get you.

Do it. You suck bro.

That's not fair! I'm out of ammo.

Sus.

Or am I?

That really sucks, bro, Like it's sad how bad you are. But you'll get better.

What do you think my mom is doing talking to Mr Gladwell?

Is that about your report card?

Nah, I already got grounded for that last weekend.

She's being really friendly.

I know what's going on here. My sister told me that Mr Gladwell and his girlfriend broke up recently.

So?

Come on, it's been like what, a year since your parents split? Do the the math. They're dating.

Oh gross! No way!

They are.

This is my mom. Why would she want to date anyone, especially my teacher? She has everything she needs. She has me.

Yeah, yeah, that's what I said when my dad found someone after my mom died.

What did you do?

I put ants in her coffee. But okay, I know it's bad, but if anyone asks, I plead the fifth.

You really think my mom wants to date Mr Gladwell?

Only one way to find out.

Oh I know, but it's such a relief to talk to somebody who gets it. There you boys are!

Yeah can we go now?

Sure. I need to take Hunter to his dad's before I get home. But I'll see you on Saturday at Giuliani's then.

Yeah, yeah, I'm looking forward to it.

Me too.

Gentlemen.

Jackson, is that yours?

Yes. Um, so what's Saturday? You know that's a macaroni and cheese night.

Yeah, don't worry, I'll be back to make it for you. I'm just gonna go hang out with Mr Gladwell for a little bit, okay? Come on. Get in the car.

This is war! Excuse me.

Ally, wow you look great!

It's not too much? I mean I bought this just for this, and well I wasn't sure.

Not at all! It's perfect.

Thanks. And thank you for watching Jackson for a bit. Oh, you're a lifesaver.

Of course. Have fun! I'm sure everything will go great.

Alright, um, I will be back in a bit. You be good, okay?

Bye.

Thank you.

[Music]

[Music]

Alright kiddos, I got a zoom meeting and it'll be a while, but if in case you need anything just ask.

[Music]

Um never mind. I was thinking I would order the pizza just in case you guys get hungry.

Awesome! My mom never orders out.

Sounds like a plan then. Okay, oh, oh yeah, one more thing. Do me a favor, keep the noise down while playing Fortnite. Cool?

Man, your dad is the coolest. Unlike Mr Gladwell. Why'd my mom have to pick him of all people? This is seriously a nightmare.

And it's only the beginning. If a date with Mr Gladwell goes well, he'll become your step daddy.

Ew don't even talk like that. That's not gonna happen.

Yeah?

Especially because I have a plan.

Which is?

They're meeting at Giuliani's, right? We can walk there from here and instead of Mr Gladwell ruining my life, we're gonna ruin his date.

No, we'll get in trouble. My dad will find out. My Grandma will...

Pepperoni.

Will sleep?

Probably.

He said he'll be a while. We'll be back before the pizza gets here.

And what are we gonna do if we get there?

I have a few ideas. We just gotta pick up my backpack.

Fine, I'll go. Hey, stop, wait! Okay no more eyebrows. It's weird.

It's my signature.

Don't say that again. It's not.

It's my signature.

It's not.

Yes it is.

There they are!

Can I help you?

Hi. I'm Hunter. That's Jackson, my friend. And can we have a table?

Of course. Will your parents be joining you this evening?

No parents. We're not 10. Don't worry.

Very well, sir. For how many?

Two. But, um, is it okay we seat ourselves? I'm very particular about where I sit.

Of course. Go ahead and have a seat at any open table and your waiter will be with you two gentlemen shortly.

Thank you.

Such a cool decor I love it. Yeah.

Gracias.

I think I'm in love. Think I can get her number after this?

Dude, you don't even have a phone. The girls in Middle School won't even talk to you, so please focus, okay?

Bonjour. Are you ready to order?

I would love to start with the house salad and then of the chicken Milanese. And I'll have a glass of merlot oh that doesn't have Paprika in it, does it? I'm allergic.

No. Por le monsieur?

I'm gonna start off with the bisque and then I'll have the rib eye medium rare. And I'll also have a glass of merlot.

Perfect. I'll be right back.

I thought this was an Italian restaurant.

So did I.

What the heck is a bisque?

I was hoping you'd know.

Gentlemen, uh is there something I can get you to get you started?

Um do you mind telling us what a bisque is?

It's a crab bisque.

Um yeah we're gonna need a little more than that.

Soup.

Oh yeah that makes sense. Um...

Is that what you'd like?

Actually I--I don't think we're quite ready yet. Do you mind just bringing over two Shirley Temples and um, can you tell me where the restroom is?

Uh yes it's uh down the way across from the kitchen. You can't miss it.

Okay, thank you.

[Music]

It's game time. Come on let's go!

[Music]

A few drops of this, Mr Gladwell will be begging for mercy. He'll be running home crying. Quick, create a diversion!

Hello!

Hi uh is something wrong with your table?

No, uh, table's good I was just looking for you.

[Music]

Couldn't help but notice this magnetic chemistry between us.

I'm sorry?

I know it's cliche, you know, young stud older girl, but I think you and I could really be something.

[Music]

Ok.

[Music]


That was close! How'd it go with the hostess?

Playing hard to get. You know how women are.

Yeah. Here we go.

So what was I talking about?

You were telling me the qualities that you're looking for.

Oh yeah that's right. So when I really--

Alight I have the bisque for le monsieur

And the caesar salad for madam. Is there anything else that can get you two?

Wait I--I didn't order the Caesar salad, I ordered the house salad.

I ordered the Caesar salad and she ordered the bisque.

I must have mixed these up. I'll be right back with your correct order. Here you go.

[Music]

Are you ok?

No oh my mouth is on fire! This is way too spicy! What in the world was put in here?

Oh, good thing you didn't eat that.

Yeah you're telling me I can't handle spice at all, I'm not kidding.

I believe that just happened. We gotta take this to the next level.

Paprika? Didn't your mom say she was allergic?

No. Her throat won't close up or anything, her face will just swell up. Then she'll have to leave. Come on bro, just stay quiet and don't get seen.

Hey Ashley, you want to have a drink with me?

[Music]

Hey, how did you get back here?

Oh this isn't the bathroom! My bad. The waiter's accent is a little hard to understand. Alright, this has to work.

It looks lovely.

After you.

Oh, as I was saying, it was hard getting back out there after Jackson's dad left.

Yeah, I can only imagine. I'm so sorry.

Yeah, but after all this time, I feel ready.

Anybody'd be lucky to have you. Is everything okay?

I, I, I, feel funny. Could you flag down the the waiter? I think there's paprika in this.

Yes, is uh something wrong?

Is there paprika in the chicken?

No it is not one of the ingredients of chicken Milanese.

Are you sure because she seems like--oh my--

Let me go see what happened with the kitchen.

Allison, you're a little swollen.

What?

Oof.

Should we go to the hospital?

Now she has to leave.

No, no need to be alarmed. I keep Benadryl with me because this happens all the time.

Okay. Alright.

Yeah.

I should have taken that out of her purse.

Maybe it was meant to be. You know, your mom and Mr Gladwell? Adorable.

Yeah, right. It's time for the last resort.

And what's that?

What we've been training for our whole lives. I'm gonna spill wine all over Mr Gladwell.

You suck at aiming. Don't miss.

We are so sorry. Uh, we don't know how, uh, this happened, but uh, we'll be bringing out a new plate for you and we're going to take care of your whole meal today.

Don't worry, it happens. I'm just feeling embarrassed.

No don't be. If anything it shows how great you are under pressure.

[Music]

Oh my.

Oh, I am so sorry. I don't even know how that happened. Let me just get something--

It's fine no it's fine. Really.

This dinner just isn't going the way it was planned.

Yeah I know. It's full of surprises. I should never even pick this place.

Sorry do you mind if we just call it? I'm feeling a bit embarrassed here like this.

Of course. Yeah.

Okay.

[Music]

What is this?

I have no idea.

Jackson?

Hey Mom.

What in the world are you and Hunter doing here?

We were hungry.

That's not funny. Did you have something to do with this? Don't lie to me.

Hunter, tell me what's going on.

We wanted to ruin your date with Mr Gladwell.

I'm sorry what?

Wait, you think that this is a date?

Um yeah. It's pretty obvious.

Mr Gladwell is looking for someone to do web design work. This is an interview.

What? Really?

Yes. Now that it's just the two of us, I want to go back into the job market. Get some freelance work. That's all.

Oh, I see.

Were you behind the paprika, too?

And the hot sauce.

Classic.

I'm sorry. I just didn't want anyone to get between us. I thought you felt that I wasn't enough.

Baby, you are my entire world, and any man that comes into our life will know that, okay? Good. Even though I'm not dating Mr Gladwell, I am dating.

What was that?

[Music]

Hunter's dad.

What?

Hmm. There you two are. I can't believe you two snuck out. I had a feeling you two would be here.

We were going to tell you guys tonight over mac and cheese.

Hold on, you guys are serious right now? Like you're dating?

Seriously.

Know what this means right?

Yeah. We could be brothers!

I'm glad you're happy about it, but don't think you're not in trouble for ruining my meeting with Mr Gladwell and creating this mess. I'm so sorry. I hope that you can accept my apology.

I do accept your apology, if you accept the job.

Really?

Yes. You're more than qualified. And if you can handle the shenanigans of these two rascals, I'm pretty sure you can handle anything that comes your way.

Thank you. Thank you.

Hey. How was it?

It was great.

Hey Dad, can I get your phone?

Yep.

Thanks.

Oh for what?

Thanks

[Music]

Hey babe can I get dem digits?

Maybe in 10 years?

I'll leave it here. You go ahead.
